

Of course, to say that television is entertaining is merely ba- 
nal. Such a fact is hardly threatening to a culture, not even 
worth writing a book about. It may even be a reason for rejoic- 
ing. Life, as we like to say, is not a highway strewn with flow- 
ers. The sight of a few blossoms here and there may make our 
journey a trifle more endurable. The Lapps undoubtedly 
thought so. We may surmise that the ninety million Americans 
who watch television every night also think so. But what I am 
claiming here is not that television is entertaining but that it has 
made entertainment itself the natural format for the representa- 
tion of all experience. Our television set keeps us in constant 
communion with the world, but it does so with a face whose 
smiling countenance is unalterable. The problem is not that 
television presents us with entertaining subject matter but that 
all subject matter is presented as entertaining, which is another 
issue altogether. 

To say it still another way: Entertainment is the supra- 
ideology of all discourse on television. No matter what is de- 
picted or from what point of view, the overarching presumption 
is that it is there for our amusement and pleasure. That is why 
even on news shows which provide us daily with fragments of 
tragedy and barbarism, we are urged by the newscasters to 
"join them tomorrow." What for? One would think that several 
minutes of murder and mayhem would suffice as material for a 
month of sleepless nights. We accept the newscasters' invitation 
because we know that the "news" is not to be taken seriously, 
that it is all in fun, so to say. Everything about a news show tells 
us this — the good looks and amiability of the cast, their pleasant 
banter, the exciting music that opens and closes the show, the 
vivid film footage, the attractive commercials — all these and 
more suggest that what we have just seen is no cause for weep- 
ing. A news show, to put it plainly, is a format for entertain- 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


ment, not for education, reflection or catharsis. And we must 
not judge too harshly those who have framed it in this way. 
They are not assembling the news to be read, or broadcasting it 
to be heard. They are televising the news to be seen. They must 
follow where their medium leads. There is no conspiracy here, 
no lack of intelligence, only a straightforward recognition that 
"good television" has little to do with what is "good" about 
exposition or other forms of verbal communication but every- 
thing to do with what the pictorial images look like. 

I should like to illustrate this point by offering the case of the 
eighty-minute discussion provided by the ABC network on No- 
vember 20, 1983, following its controversial movie The Day 
After. Though the memory of this telecast has receded for most, 
I choose this case because, clearly, here was television taking its 
most "serious" and "responsible" stance. Everything that made 
up this broadcast recommended it as a critical test of television's 
capacity to depart from an entertainment mode and rise to the 
level of public instruction. In the first place, the subject was the 
possibility of a nuclear holocaust. Second, the film itself had 
been attacked by several influential bodies politic, including the 
Reverend Jerry Falwell's Moral Majority. Thus, it was impor- 
tant that the network display television's value and serious in- 
tentions as a medium of information and coherent discourse. 
Third, on the program itself no musical theme was used as 
background — a significant point since almost all television pro- 
grams are embedded in music, which helps to tell the audience 
what emotions are to be called forth. This is a standard theatri- 
cal device, and its absence on television is always ominous. 
Fourth, there were no commercials during the discussion, thus 
elevating the tone of the event to the state of reverence usually 
reserved for the funerals of assassinated Presidents. And finally, 
the participants included Henry Kissinger, Robert McNamara, 
and Elie Wiesel, each of whom is a symbol of sorts of serious 
discourse. Although Kissinger, somewhat later, made an ap- 
pearance on the hit show "Dynasty," he was then and still is a 



The Age of Show Business 


89 


paradigm of intellectual sobriety; and Wiesel, practically a 
walking metaphor of social conscience. Indeed, the other mem- 
bers of the cast — Carl Sagan, William Buckley and General 
Brent Scowcroft — are, each in his way, men of intellectual 
bearing who are not expected to participate in trivial public 
matters. 

The program began with Ted Koppel, master of ceremonies, 
so to speak, indicating that what followed was not intended to 
be a debate but a discussion. And so those who are interested in 
philosophies of discourse had an excellent opportunity to ob- 
serve what serious television means by the word "discussion." 
Here is what it means: Each of six men was given approxi- 
mately five minutes to say something about the subject. There 
was, however, no agreement on exactly what the subject was, 
and no one felt obliged to respond to anything anyone else said. 
In fact, it would have been difficult to do so, since the partici- 
pants were called upon seriatim, as if they were finalists in a 
beauty contest, each being given his share of minutes in front of 
the camera. Thus, if Mr. Wiesel, who was called upon last, had 
a response to Mr. Buckley, who was called upon first, there 
would have been four commentaries in between, occupying 
about twenty minutes, so that the audience (if not Mr. Wiesel 
himself) would have had difficulty remembering the argument 
which prompted his response. In fact, the participants — most of 
whom were no strangers to television — largely avoided ad- 
dressing each other's points. They used their initial minutes and 
then their subsequent ones to intimate their position or give an 
impression. Dr. Kissinger, for example, seemed intent on mak- 
ing viewers feel sorry that he was no longer their Secretary of 
State by reminding everyone of books he had once written, pro- 
posals he had once made, and negotiations he had once con- 
ducted. Mr. McNamara informed the audience that he had 
eaten lunch in Germany that very afternoon, and went on to 
say that he had at least fifteen proposals to reduce nuclear arms. 
One would have thought that the discussion would turn on this 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


90 


issue, but the others seemed about as interested in it as they 
were in what he had for lunch in Germany. (Later, he took the 
initiative to mention three of his proposals but they were not 
discussed.) Elie Wiesel, in a series of quasi-parables and para- 
doxes, stressed the tragic nature of the human condition, but 
because he did not have the time to provide a context for his 
remarks, he seemed quixotic and confused, conveying an im- 
pression of an itinerant rabbi who has wandered into a coven of 
Gentiles. 

In other words, this was no discussion as we normally use the 
word. Even when the "discussion” period began, there were no 
arguments or counterarguments, no scrutiny of assumptions, 
no explanations, no elaborations, no definitions. Carl Sagan 
made, in my opinion, the most coherent statement — a four- 
minute rationale for a nuclear freeze — but it contained at least 
two questionable assumptions and was not carefully examined. 
Apparently, no one wanted to take time from his own few min- 
utes to call attention to someone else's. Mr. Koppel, for his part, 
felt obliged to keep the "show" moving, and though he occa- 
sionally pursued what he discerned as a line of thought, he was 
more concerned to give each man his fair allotment of time. 

But it is not time constraints alone that produce such frag- 
mented and discontinuous language. When a television show is 
in process, it is very nearly impermissible to say, "Let me think 
about that" or "I don't know" or "What do you mean when 
you say . . . ?" or "From what sources does your information 
come?" This type of discourse not only slows down the tempo 
of the show but creates the impression of uncertainty or lack of 
finish. It tends to reveal people in the act of thinking, which is as 
disconcerting and boring on television as it is on a Las Vegas 
stage. Thinking does not play well on television, a fact that tele- 
vision directors discovered long ago. There is not much to see in 
it. It is. in a phrase, not a performing art. But television de- 
mands a performing art, and so what the ABC network gave us 
was a picture of men of sophisticated verbal skills and political 



The Age of Show Business 


91 


understanding being brought to heel by a medium that requires 
them to fashion performances rather than ideas. Which ac- 
counts for why the eighty minutes were very entertaining, in 
the way of a Samuel Beckett play: The intimations of gravity 
hung heavy, the meaning passeth all understanding. The per- 
formances, of course, were highly professional. Sagan abjured 
the turtle-neck sweater in which he starred when he did "Cos- 
mos.” He even had his hair cut for the event. His part was that 
of the logical scientist speaking in behalf of the planet. It is to be 
doubted that Paul Newman could have done better in the role, 
although Leonard Nimoy might have. Scowcroft was suitably 
military in his bearing — terse and distant, the unbreakable de- 
fender of national security. Kissinger, as always, was superb in 
the part of the knowing world statesman, weary of the sheer 
responsibility of keeping disaster at bay. Koppel played to per- 
fection the part of a moderator, pretending, as it were, that he 
was sorting out ideas while, in fact, he was merely directing the 
performances. At the end, one could only applaud those per- 
formances, which is what a good television program always 
aims to achieve; that is to say, applause, not reflection. 

I do not say categorically that it is impossible to use television 
as a carrier of coherent language or thought in process. William 
Buckley's own program, "Firing Line," occasionally shows 
people in the act of thinking but who also happen to have tele- 
vision cameras pointed at them. There are other programs, such 
as "Meet the Press" or "The Open Mind," which clearly strive 
to maintain a sense of intellectual decorum and typographic tra- 
dition, but they are scheduled so that they do not compete with 
programs of great visual interest, since otherwise, they will not 
be watched. After all, it is not unheard of that a format will 
occasionally go against the bias of its medium. For example, the 
most popular radio program of the early 1940's featured a ven- 
triloquist, and in those days, I heard more than once the feet of 
a tap dancer on the "Major Bowes' Amateur Hour." (Indeed, if 
I am not mistaken, he even once featured a pantomimist.) But 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


92 


ventriloquism, dancing and mime do not play well on radio, 
just as sustained, complex talk does not play well on television. 
It can be made to play tolerably well if only one camera is used 
and the visual image is kept constant — as when the President 
gives a speech. But this is not television at its best, and it is not 
television that most people will choose to watch. The single 
most important fact about television is that people watch it, 
which is why it is called "television. " And what they watch, and 
like to watch, are moving pictures — millions of them, of short 
duration and dynamic variety. It is in the nature of the medium 
that it must suppress the content of ideas in order to accommo- 
date the requirements of visual interest; that is to say, to accom- 
modate the values of show business. 

Film, records and radio (now that it is an adjunct of the music 
industry) are, of course, equally devoted to entertaining the cul- 
ture, and their effects in altering the style of American discourse 
are not insignificant. But television is different because it en- 
compasses all forms of discourse. No one goes to a movie to find 
out about government policy or the latest scientific advances. 
No one buys a record to find out the baseball scores or the 
weather or the latest murder. No one turns on radio anymore 
for soap operas or a presidential address (if a television set is at 
hand). But everyone goes to television for all these things and 
more, which is why television resonates so powerfully through- 
out the culture. Television is our culture's principal mode of 
knowing about itself. Therefore — and this is the critical point — 
how television stages the world becomes the model for how the 
world is properly to be staged. It is not merely that on the televi- 
sion screen entertainment is the metaphor for all discourse. It is 
that off the screen the same metaphor prevails. As typography 
once dictated the style of conducting politics, religion, business, 
education, law and other important social matters, television 
now takes command. In courtrooms, classrooms, operating 
rooms, board rooms, churches and even airplanes, Americans 
no longer talk to each other, they entertain each other. They do 



The Age of Show Business 


93 


not exchange ideas; they exchange images. They do not argue 
with propositions; they argue with good looks, celebrities and 
commercials. For the message of television as metaphor is not 
only that all the world is a stage but that the stage is located in 
Las Vegas, Nevada. 

In Chicago, for example, the Reverend Greg Sakowicz, a Ro- 
man Catholic priest, mixes his religious teaching with rock 'n' 
roll music. According to the Associated Press, the Reverend 
Sakowicz is both an associate pastor at the Church of the Holy 
Spirit in Schaumberg (a suburb of Chicago) and a disc jockey at 
WKQX. On his show, "The Journey Inward," Father Sakowicz 
chats in soft tones about such topics as family relationships or 
commitment, and interposes his sermons with "the sound of 
Billboard's Top 10." He says that his preaching is not done "in a 
churchy way,” and adds, "You don't have to be boring in order 
to be holy.” 

Meanwhile in New York City at St. Patrick's Cathedral, Fa- 
ther John J. O'Connor put on a New York Yankee baseball cap 
as he mugged his way through his installation as Archbishop of 
the New York Archdiocese. He got off some excellent gags, at 
least one of which was specifically directed at Mayor Edward 
Koch, who was a member of his audience; that is to say, he was 
a congregant. At his next public performance, the new arch- 
bishop donned a New York Mets baseball cap. These events 
were, of course, televised, and were vastly entertaining, largely 
because Archbishop (now Cardinal) O'Connor has gone Father 
Sakowicz one better: Whereas the latter believes that you don't 
have to be boring to be holy, the former apparently believes you 
don't have to be holy at all. 

In Phoenix, Arizona, Dr. Edward Dietrich performed triple by- 
pass surgery on Bernard Schuler. The operation was successful, 
which was nice for Mr. Schuler. It was also on television, which 
was nice for America. The operation was carried by at least fifty 
television stations in the United States, and also by the British 
Broadcasting Corporation. A two-man panel of narrators (a 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


94 


play-by-play and color man, so to speak) kept viewers informed 
about what they were seeing. It was not clear as to why this 
event was televised, but it resulted in transforming both Dr. Die- 
trich and Mr. Schuler's chest into celebrities. Perhaps because 
he has seen too many doctor shows on television, Mr. Schuler 
was uncommonly confident about the outcome of his surgery. 
"There is no way in hell they are going to lose me on live TV," 
he said. 2 

As reported with great enthusiasm by both WCBS-TV and 
WNBC-TV in 1984, the Philadelphia public schools have em- 
barked on an experiment in which children will have their cur- 
riculum sung to them. Wearing Walkman equipment, students 
were shown listening to rock music whose lyrics were about the 
eight parts of speech. Mr. Jocko Henderson, who thought of 
this idea, is planning to delight students further by subjecting 
mathematics and history, as well as English, to the rigors of a 
rock music format. In fact, this is not Mr. Henderson's idea at 
all. It was pioneered by the Children's Television Workshop, 
whose television show "Sesame Street" is an expensive illustra- 
tion of the idea that education is indistinguishable from enter- 
tainment. Nonetheless, Mr. Henderson has a point in his favor. 
Whereas "Sesame Street" merely attempts to make learning to 
read a form of light entertainment, the Philadelphia experiment 
aims to make the classroom itself into a rock concert. 

In New Bedford, Massachusetts, a rape trial was televised, to 
the delight of audiences who could barely tell the difference 
between the trial and their favorite mid-day soap opera. In Flor- 
ida, trials of varying degrees of seriousness, including murder, 
are regularly televised and are considered to be more entertain- 
ing than most fictional courtroom dramas. All of this is done in 
the interests of "public education." For the same high purpose, 
plans are afoot, it is rumored, to televise confessionals. To be 
called "Secrets of the Confessional Box," the program will, of 
course, carry the warning that some of its material may be of- 
fensive to children and therefore parental guidance is suggested. 



The Age of Show Business 


95 


On a United Airlines flight from Chicago to Vancouver, a 
stewardess announces that its passengers will play a game. The 
passenger with the most credit cards will win a bottle of cham- 
pagne. A man from Boston with twelve credit cards wins. A 
second game requires the passengers to guess the collective age 
of the cabin crew. A man from Chicago guesses 128, and wins 
another bottle of wine. During the second game, the air turns 
choppy and the Fasten Seat Belt sign goes on. Very few people 
notice, least of all the cabin crew, who keep up a steady flow of 
gags on the intercom. When the plane reaches its destination, 
everyone seems to agree that it's fun to fly from Chicago to 
Vancouver. 

On February 7, 1985, The New York Times reported that Pro- 
fessor Charles Pine of Rutgers University (Newark campus) was 
named Professor of the Year by the Council for the Support and 
Advancement of Education. In explaining why he has such a 
great impact on his students. Professor Pine said: "I have some 
gimmicks I use all the time. If you reach the end of the black- 
board, I keep writing on the wall. It always gets a laugh. The 
way I show what a glass molecule does is to run over to one 
wall and bounce off it, and run over to the other wall.” His 
students are, perhaps, too young to recall that James Cagney 
used this "molecule move" to great effect in Yankee Doodle 
Dandy. If I am not mistaken, Donald O'Connor duplicated it in 
Singin' in the Rain. So far as I know, it has been used only once 
before in a classroom: Hegel tried it several times in demon- 
strating how the dialectical method works. 

The Pennsylvania Amish try to live in isolation from main- 
stream American culture. Among other things, their religion 
opposes the veneration of graven images, which means that the 
Amish are forbidden to see movies or to be photographed. But 
apparently their religion has not got around to disallowing see- 
ing movies when they are being photographed. In the summer 
of 1984, for example, a Paramount Pictures crew descended 
upon Lancaster County to film the movie Witness, which is 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


96 


about a detective, played by Harrison Ford, who falls in love 
with an Amish woman. Although the Amish were warned by 
their church not to interfere with the film makers, it turned out 
that some Amish welders ran to see the action as soon as their 
work was done. Other devouts lay in the grass some distance 
away, and looked down on the set with binoculars. "We read 
about the movie in the paper," said an Amish woman. "The 
kids even cut out Harrison Ford's picture." She added: "But it 
doesn't really matter that much to them. Somebody told us he 
was in Star Wars but that doesn't mean anything to us." 3 The 
last time a similar conclusion was drawn was when the ex- 
ecutive director of the American Association of Blacksmiths re- 
marked that he had read about the automobile but that he was 
convinced it would have no consequences for the future of his 
organization. 

In the Winter, 1984, issue of the Official Video Journal there 
appears a full-page advertisement for "The Genesis Project." 
The project aims to convert the Bible into a series of movies. The 
end-product, to be called "The New Media Bible," will consist 
of 225 hours of film and will cost a quarter of a billion dollars. 
Producer John Heyman, whose credits include Saturday Night 
Fever and Grease, is one of the film makers most committed to 
the project. "Simply stated," he is quoted as saying, "I got 
hooked on the Bible." The famous Israeli actor Topol, best 
known for his role as Tevye in Fiddler on the Roof, will play the 
role of Abraham. The advertisement does not say who will star 
as God but, given the producer's background, there is some 
concern that it might be John Travolta. 

At the commencement exercises at Yale University in 1983, 
several honorary degrees were awarded, including one to 
Mother Teresa. As she and other humanitarians and scholars, 
each in turn, received their awards, the audience applauded ap- 
propriately but with a slight hint of reserve and impatience, for 
it wished to give its heart to the final recipient who waited shyly 
in the wings. As the details of her achievements were being 



The Age of Show Business 


97 


recounted, many people left their seats and surged toward the 
stage to be closer to the great woman. And when the name 
Meryl Streep was announced, the audience unleashed a sonic 
boom of affection to wake the New Haven dead. One man who 
was present when Bob Hope received his honorary doctorate at 
another institution said that Dr. Streep's applause surpassed Dr. 
Hope's. Knowing how to please a crowd as well as anyone, the 
intellectual leaders at Yale invited Dick Cavett, the talk-show 
host, to deliver the commencement address the following year. 
It is rumored that this year, Don Rickies will receive a Doctorate 
of Humane Letters and Lola Falana will give the commence- 
ment address. 

Prior to the 1984 presidential elections, the two candidates 
confronted each other on television in what were called "de- 
bates.” These events were not in the least like the Lincoln- 
Douglas debates or anything else that goes by the name. Each 
candidate was given five minutes to address such questions as. 
What is (or would be) your policy in Central America? His op- 
posite number was then given one minute for a rebuttal. In 
such circumstances, complexity, documentation and logic can 
play no role, and, indeed, on several occasions syntax itself 
was abandoned entirely. It is no matter. The men were less 
concerned with giving arguments than with "giving off' im- 
pressions, which is what television does best. Post-debate com- 
mentary largely avoided any evaluation of the candidates' 
ideas, since there were none to evaluate. Instead, the debates 
were conceived as boxing matches, the relevant question being. 
Who KO'd whom? The answer was determined by the "style" 
of the men — how they looked, fixed their gaze, smiled, and 
delivered one-liners. In the second debate. President Reagan got 
off a swell one-liner when asked a question about his age. The 
following day, several newspapers indicated that Ron had KO'd 
Fritz with his joke. Thus, the leader of the free world is chosen 
by the people in the Age of Television. 

What all of this means is that our culture has moved toward a 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


new way of conducting its business, especially its important 
business. The nature of its discourse is changing as the demarca- 
tion line between what is show business and what is not be- 
comes harder to see with each passing day. Our priests and 
presidents, our surgeons and lawyers, our educators and news- 
casters need worry less about satisfying the demands of their 
discipline than the demands of good showmanship. Had Irving 
Berlin changed one word in the title of his celebrated song, he 
would have been as prophetic, albeit more terse, as Aldous 
Huxley. He need only have written. There's No Business But 
Show Business. 



7 

"Now . . . This" 


The American humorist H. Allen Smith once suggested that of 
all the worrisome words in the English language, the scariest is 
"uh oh/' as when a physician looks at your X-rays, and with 
knitted brow says, "Uh oh." I should like to suggest that the 
words which are the title of this chapter are as ominous as any, 
all the more so because they are spoken without knitted brow — 
indeed, with a kind of idiot's delight. The phrase, if that's what 
it may be called, adds to our grammar a new part of speech, a 
conjunction that does not connect anything to anything but 
does the opposite: separates everything from everything. As 
such, it serves as a compact metaphor for the discontinuities 
in so much that passes for public discourse in present-day 
America. 

"Now . . . this" is commonly used on radio and television 
newscasts to indicate that what one has just heard or seen has 
no relevance to what one is about to hear or see, or possibly to 
anything one is ever likely to hear or see. The phrase is a means 
of acknowledging the fact that the world as mapped by the 
speeded-up electronic media has no order or meaning and is 
not to be taken seriously. There is no murder so brutal, no 
earthquake so devastating, no political blunder so costly — for 
that matter, no ball score so tantalizing or weather report so 
threatening — that it cannot be erased from our minds by a 
newscaster saying, "Now . . . this." The newscaster means that 
you have thought long enough on the previous matter (approx- 
imately forty-five seconds), that you must not be morbidly pre- 


99 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


100 


occupied with it (let us say, for ninety seconds), and that you 
must now give your attention to another fragment of news or a 
commercial. 

Television did not invent the "Now . . . this" world view. As I 
have tried to show, it is the offspring of the intercourse between 
telegraphy and photography. But it is through television that it 
has been nurtured and brought to a perverse maturity. For on 
television, nearly every half hour is a discrete event, separated 
in content, context, and emotional texture from what precedes 
and follows it. In part because television sells its time in seconds 
and minutes, in part because television must use images rather 
than words, in part because its audience can move freely to and 
from the television set, programs are structured so that almost 
each eight- minute segment may stand as a complete event in 
itself. Viewers are rarely required to carry over any thought or 
feeling from one parcel of time to another. 

Of course, in television's presentation of the "news of the 
day," we may sfce the "Now . . . this" mode of discourse in its 
boldest and most embarrassing form. For there, we are pre- 
sented not only with fragmented news but news without con- 
text, without consequences, without value, and therefore 
without essential seriousness; that is to say, news as pure 
entertainment. 

Consider, for example, how you would proceed if you were 
given the opportunity to produce a television news show for 
any station concerned to attract the largest possible audience. 
You would, first, choose a cast of players, each of whom has a 
face that is both "likable" and "credible." Those who apply 
would, in fact, submit to you their eight-by-ten glossies, from 
which you would eliminate those whose countenances are not 
suitable for nightly display. This means that you will exclude 
women who are not beautiful or who are over the age of fifty, 
men who are bald, all people who are overweight or whose 
noses are too long or whose eyes are too close together. You 
will try, in other words, to assemble a cast of talking hair-do's. 



"Now . . . This" 


101 


At the very least, you will want those whose faces would not be 
unwelcome on a magazine cover. 

Christine Craft has just such a face, and so she applied for a 
co-anchor position on KMBC-TV in Kansas City. According to a 
lawyer who represented her in a sexism suit she later brought 
against the station, the management of KMBC-TV “loved 
Christine's look.” She was accordingly hired in January 1981. 
She was fired in August 1981 because research indicated that 
her appearance “hampered viewer acceptance." 1 What exactly 
does “hampered viewer acceptance" mean? And what does it 
have to do with the news? Hampered viewer acceptance means 
the same thing for television news as it does for any television 
show: Viewers do not like looking at the performer. It also 
means that viewers do not believe the performer, that she lacks 
credibility. In the case of a theatrical performance, we have a 
sense of what that implies: The actor does not persuade the 
audience that he or she is the character being portrayed. But 
what does lack of credibility imply in the case of a news show? 
What character is a co-anchor playing? And how do we decide 
that the performance lacks verisimilitude? Does the audience 
believe that the newscaster is lying, that what is reported 
did not in fact happen, that something important is being 
concealed? 

It is frightening to think that this may be so, that the percep- 
tion of the truth of a report rests heavily on the acceptability of 
the newscaster. In the ancient world, there was a tradition of 
banishing or killing the bearer of bad tidings. Does the television 
news show restore, in a curious form, this tradition? Do we ban- 
ish those who tell us the news when we do not care for the face 
of the teller? Does television countermand the warnings we 
once received about the fallacy of the ad hominem argument? 

If the answer to any of these questions is even a qualified 
"Yes," then here is an issue worthy of the attention of epis- 
temologists. Stated in its simplest form, it is that television pro- 
vides a new (or, possibly, restores an old) definition of truth: 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


102 


The credibility of the teller is the ultimate test of the truth of a 
proposition. "Credibility” here does not refer to the past record 
of the teller for making statements that have survived the rigors 
of reality-testing. It refers only to the impression of sincerity, 
authenticity, vulnerability or attractiveness (choose one or 
more) conveyed by the actor/reporter. 

This is a matter of considerable importance, for it goes beyond 
the question of how truth is perceived on television news 
shows. If on television, credibility replaces reality as the decisive 
test of truth-telling, political leaders need not trouble them- 
selves very much with reality provided that their performances 
consistently generate a sense of verisimilitude. I suspect, for ex- 
ample, that the dishonor that now shrouds Richard Nixon re- 
sults not from the fact that he lied but that on television he 
looked like a liar. Which, if true, should bring no comfort to 
anyone, not even veteran Nixon-haters. For the alternative pos- 
sibilities are that one may look like a liar but be telling the truth; 
or even worse, look like a truth-teller but in fact be lying. 

As a producer of a television news show, you would be well 
aware of these matters and would be careful to choose your cast 
on the basis of criteria used by David Merrick and other 
successful impresarios. Like them, you would then turn your 
attention to staging the show on principles that maximize en- 
tertainment value. You would, for example, select a musical 
theme for the show. All television news programs begin, end, 
and are somewhere in between punctuated with music. I have 
found very few Americans who regard this custom as peculiar, 
which fact I have taken as evidence for the dissolution of lines 
of demarcation between serious public discourse and entertain- 
ment. What has music to do with the news? Why is it there? It 
is there, I assume, for the same reason music is used in the 
theater and films — to create a mood and provide a leitmotif for 
the entertainment. If there were no music — as is the case when 
any television program is interrupted for a news flash — viewers 
would expect something truly alarming, possibly life-altering. 



"Now . . . This" 


103 


But as long as the music is there as a frame for the program, the 
viewer is comforted to believe that there is nothing to be greatly 
alarmed about; that, in fact, the events that are reported have as 
much relation to reality as do scenes in a play. 

This perception of a news show as a stylized dramatic per- 
formance whose content has been staged largely to entertain is 
reinforced by several other features, including the fact that the 
average length of any story is forty-five seconds. While brevity 
does not always suggest triviality, in this case it clearly does. It is 
simply not possible to convey a sense of seriousness about any 
event if its implications are exhausted in less than one minute's 
time. In fact, it is quite obvious that TV news has no intention of 
suggesting that any story has any implications, for that would 
require viewers to continue to think about it when it is done 
and therefore obstruct their attending to the next story that 
waits panting in the wings. In any case, viewers are not pro- 
vided with much opportunity to be distracted from the next 
story since in all likelihood it will consist of some film footage. 
Pictures have little difficulty in overwhelming words, and short- 
circuiting introspection. As a television producer, you would be 
certain to give both prominence and precedence to any event 
for which there is some sort of visual documentation. A sus- 
pected killer being brought into a police station, the angry face 
of a cheated consumer, a barrel going over Niagara Falls (with a 
person alleged to be in it), the President disembarking from a 
helicopter on the White House lawn — these are always fasci- 
nating or amusing, and easily satisfy the requirements of an en- 
tertaining show. It is, of course, not necessary that the visuals 
actually document the point of a story. Neither is it necessary to 
explain why such images are intruding themselves on public 
consciousness. Film footage justifies itself, as every television 
producer well knows. 

It is also of considerable help in maintaining a high level of 
unreality that the newscasters do not pause to grimace or shiver 
when they speak their prefaces or epilogs to the film clips. In- 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


104 


deed, many newscasters do not appear to grasp the meaning of 
what they are saying, and some hold to a fixed and ingratiating 
enthusiasm as they report on earthquakes, mass killings and 
other disasters. Viewers would be quite disconcerted by any 
show of concern or terror on the part of newscasters. Viewers, 
after all, are partners with the newscasters in the "Now . . . this" 
culture, and they expect the newscaster to play out his or her 
role as a character who is marginally serious but who stays well 
clear of authentic understanding. The viewers, for their part, 
will not be caught contaminating their responses with a sense of 
reality, any more than an audience at a play would go scurrying 
to call home because a character on stage has said that a mur- 
derer is loose in the neighborhood. 

The viewers also know that no matter how grave any frag- 
ment of news may appear (for example, on the day I write a 
Marine Corps general has declared that nuclear war between 
the United States and Russia is inevitable), it will shortly be 
followed by a series of commercials that will, in an instant, de- 
fuse the import of the news, in fact render it largely banal. This 
is a key element in the structure of a news program and all by 
itself refutes any claim that television news is designed as a se- 
rious form of public discourse. Imagine what you would think 
of me, and this book, if I were to pause here, tell you that I will 
return to my discussion in a moment, and then proceed to write 
a few words in behalf of United Airlines or the Chase Manhat- 
tan Bank. You would rightly think that I had no respect for you 
and, certainly, no respect for the subject. And if I did this not 
once but several times in each chapter, you would think the 
whole enterprise unworthy of your attention. Why, then, do we 
not think a news show similarly unworthy? The reason, I be- 
lieve, is that whereas we expect books and even other media 
(such as film) to maintain a consistency of tone and a continuity 
of content, we have no such expectation of television, and espe- 
cially television news. We have become so accustomed to its 
discontinuities that we are no longer struck dumb, as any sane 



"Now . . . This" 


105 


person would be, by a newscaster who having just reported that 
a nuclear war is inevitable goes on to say that he will be right 
back after this word from Burger King; who says, in other 
words, “Now . . . this.” One can hardly overestimate the dam- 
age that such juxtapositions do to our sense of the world as a 
serious place. The damage is especially massive to youthful 
viewers who depend so much on television for their clues as to 
how to respond to the world. In watching television news, they, 
more than any other segment of the audience, are drawn into 
an epistemology based on the assumption that all reports of cru- 
elty and death are greatly exaggerated and, in any case, not to 
be taken seriously or responded to sanely. 

I should go so far as to say that embedded in the surrealistic 
frame of a television news show is a theory of anticommunica- 
tion, featuring a type of discourse that abandons logic, reason, 
sequence and rules of contradiction. In aesthetics, I believe the 
name given to this theory is Dadaism; in philosophy, nihilism; 
in psychiatry, schizophrenia. In the parlance of the theater, it is 
known as vaudeville. 

For those who think I am here guilty of hyperbole, I offer the 
following description of television news by Robert MacNeil, ex- 
ecutive editor and co-anchor of the “MacNeil-Lehrer News- 
hour." The idea, he writes, “is to keep everything brief, not to 
strain the attention of anyone but instead to provide constant 
stimulation through variety, novelty, action, and movement. 
You are required ... to pay attention to no concept, no char- 
acter, and no problem for more than a few seconds at a time." 2 
He goes on to say that the assumptions controlling a news show 
are “that bite-sized is best, that complexity must be avoided, 
that nuances are dispensable, that qualifications impede the 
simple message, that visual stimulation is a substitute for 
thought, and that verbal precision is an anachronism." 3 

Robert MacNeil has more reason than most to give testimony 
about the television news show as vaudeville act. The “Mac- 
Neil-Lehrer Newshour" is an unusual and gracious attempt to 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


106 


bring to television some of the elements of typographic dis- 
course. The program abjures visual stimulation, consists largely 
of extended explanations of events and in-depth interviews 
(which even there means only five to ten minutes), limits the 
number of stories covered, and emphasizes background and 
coherence. But television has exacted its price for MacNeiPs re- 
jection of a show business format. By television's standards, 
the audience is minuscule, the program is confined to public- 
television stations, and it is a good guess that the combined 
salary of MacNeil and Lehrer is one-fifth of Dan Rather's or Tom 
Brokaw's. 

If you were a producer of a television news show for a com- 
mercial station, you would not have the option of defying tele- 
vision's requirements. It would be demanded of you that you 
strive for the largest possible audience, and, as a consequence 
and in spite of your best intentions, you would arrive at a pro- 
duction very nearly resembling MacNeiPs description. More- 
over, you would include some things MacNeil does not 
mention. You would try to make celebrities of your newscast- 
ers. You would advertise the show, both in the press and on 
television itself. You would do "news briefs," to serve as an 
inducement to viewers. You would have a weatherman as 
comic relief, and a sportscaster whose language is a touch un- 
couth (as a way of his relating to the beer-drinking common 
man). You would, in short, package the whole event as any 
producer might who is in the entertainment business. 

The result of all this is that Americans are the best entertained 
and quite likely the least well-informed people in the Western 
world. I say this in the face of the popular conceit that televi- 
sion, as a window to the world, has made Americans exceed- 
ingly well informed. Much depends here, of course, on what is 
meant by being informed. I will pass over the now tiresome 
polls that tell us that, at any given moment, 70 percent of our 
citizens do not know who is the Secretary of State or the Chief 
Justice of the Supreme Court. Let us consider, instead, the case 



"Now . . . This" 


107 


of Iran during the drama that was called the "Iranian Hostage 
Crisis." I don't suppose there has been a story in years that re- 
ceived more continuous attention from television. We may as- 
sume, then, that Americans know most of what there is to 
know about this unhappy event. And now, I put these ques- 
tions to you: Would it be an exaggeration to say that not one 
American in a hundred knows what language the Iranians 
speak? Or what the word "Ayatollah" means or implies? Or 
knows any details of the tenets of Iranian religious beliefs? Or 
the main outlines of their political history? Or knows who the 
Shah was, and where he came from? 

Nonetheless, everyone had an opinion about this event, for in 
America everyone is entitled to an opinion, and it is certainly 
useful to have a few when a pollster shows up. But these 
are opinions of a quite different order from eighteenth- or 
nineteenth-century opinions. It is probably more accurate to 
call them emotions rather than opinions, which would account 
for the fact that they change from week to week, as the pollsters 
tell us. What is happening here is that television is altering the 
meaning of "being informed" by creating a species of informa- 
tion that might properly be called disinformation. I am using this 
word almost in the precise sense in which it is used by spies in 
the CIA or KGB. Disinformation does not mean false informa- 
tion. It means misleading information — misplaced, irrelevant, 
fragmented or superficial information — information that cre- 
ates the illusion of knowing something but which in fact leads 
one away from knowing. In saying this, I do not mean to imply 
that television news deliberately aims to deprive Americans of a 
coherent, contextual understanding of their world. I mean to 
say that when news is packaged as entertainment, that is the 
inevitable result. And in saying that the television news show 
entertains but does not inform, I am saying something far more 
serious than that we are being deprived of authentic informa- 
tion. I am saying we are losing our sense of what it means to be 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


108 


well informed. Ignorance is always correctable. But what shall 
we do if we take ignorance to be knowledge? 

Here is a startling example of how this process bedevils us. A 
New York Times article is headlined on February 15, 1983: 

REAGAN MISSTATEMENTS GETTING LESS ATTENTION 

The article begins in the following way: 

President Reagan's aides used to become visibly alarmed at sug- 
gestions that he had given mangled and perhaps misleading ac- 
counts of his policies or of current events in general. That doesn't 
seem to happen much anymore. 

Indeed, the President continues to make debatable assertions of 
fact but news accounts do not deal with them as extensively as 
they once did. In the view of White House officials, the declining 
news coverage mirrors a decline in interest by the general public, (my 
italics) 

This report is not so much a news story as a story about the 
news, and our recent history suggests that it is not about Ronald 
Reagan's charm. It is about how news is defined, and I believe 
the story would be quite astonishing to both civil libertarians 
and tyrants of an earlier time. Walter Lippmann, for example, 
wrote in 1920: "There can be no liberty for a community which 
lacks the means by which to detect lies." For all of his pessi- 
mism about the possibilities of restoring an eighteenth- and 
nineteenth-century level of public discourse, Lippmann as- 
sumed, as did Thomas Jefferson before him, that with a well- 
trained press functioning as a lie-detector, the public's interest 
in a President's mangling of the truth would be piqued, in both 
senses of that word. Given the means to detect lies, he believed, 
the public could not be indifferent to their consequences. 

But this case refutes his assumption. The reporters who cover 
the White House are ready and able to expose lies, and thus 



"Now . . . This" 


109 


create the grounds for informed and indignant opinion. But ap- 
parently the public declines to take an interest. To press reports 
of White House dissembling, the public has replied with Queen 
Victoria's famous line: "We are not amused." However, here 
the words mean something the Queen did not have in mind. 
They mean that what is not amusing does not compel their at- 
tention. Perhaps if the President's lies could be demonstrated by 
pictures and accompanied by music the public would raise a 
curious eyebrow. If a movie, like All the President's Men, could 
be made from his misleading accounts of government policy, if 
there were a break-in of some sort or sinister characters laun- 
dering money, attention would quite likely be paid. We do well 
to remember that President Nixon did not begin to come un- 
done until his lies were given a theatrical setting at the Water- 
gate hearings. But we do not have anything like that here. 
Apparently, all President Reagan does is say things that are not 
entirely true. And there is nothing entertaining in that. 

But there is a subtler point to be made here. Many of the 
President's "misstatements" fall in the category of contradic- 
tions — mutually exclusive assertions that cannot possibly both, 
in the same context, be true. “In the same context" is the key 
phrase here, for it is context that defines contradiction. There is 
no problem in someone's remarking that he prefers oranges to 
apples, and also remarking that he prefers apples to oranges — 
not if one statement is made in the context of choosing a wall- 
paper design and the other in the context of selecting fruit for 
dessert. In such a case, we have statements that are opposites, 
but not contradictory. But if the statements are made in a single, 
continuous, and coherent context, then they are contradictions, 
and cannot both be true. Contradiction, in short, requires that 
statements and events be perceived as interrelated aspects of a 
continuous and coherent context. Disappear the context, or 
fragment it, and contradiction disappears. This point is nowhere 
made more clear to me than in conferences with my younger 
students about their writing. "Look here," I say. "In this para- 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 110 

graph you have said one thing. And in that you have said the 
opposite. Which is it to be?” They are polite, and wish to please, 
but they are as baffled by the question as I am by the response. 
"I know,” they will say, "but that is there and this is here. " The 
difference between us is that I assume "there" and "here," 
"now" and "then," one paragraph and the next to be con- 
nected, to be continuous, to be part of the same coherent world 
of thought. That is the way of typographic discourse, and typog- 
raphy is the universe I'm "coming from," as they say. But they 
are coming from a different universe of discourse altogether: the 
"Now . . . this" world of television. The fundamental assump- 
tion of that world is not coherence but discontinuity. And in a 
world of discontinuities, contradiction is useless as a test of 
truth or merit, because contradiction does not exist. 

My point is that we are by now so thoroughly adjusted to the 
"Now . . . this" world of news — a world of fragments, where 
events stand alone, stripped of any connection to the past, or to 
the future, or to other events — that all assumptions of co- 
herence have vanished. And so, perforce, has contradiction. In 
the context of no context, so to speak, it simply disappears. And 
in its absence, what possible interest could there be in a list of 
what the President says now and what he said then? It is merely 
a rehash of old news, and there is nothing interesting or enter- 
taining in that. The only thing to be amused about is the baffle- 
ment of reporters at the public's indifference. There is an irony 
in the fact that the very group that has taken the world apart 
should, on trying to piece it together again, be surprised that no 
one notices much, or cares. 

For all his perspicacity, George Orwell would have been 
stymied by this situation; there is nothing "Orwellian" about it. 
The President does not have the press under his thumb. The New 
York Times and The Washington Post are not Pravda; the Associ- 
ated Press is notTass. And there is no Newspeak here. Lies have 
not been defined as truth nor truth as lies. All that has hap- 
pened is that the public has adjusted to incoherence and been 



"Now . . . This" 


111 


amused into indifference. Which is why Aldous Huxley would 
not in the least be surprised by the story. Indeed, he prophesied 
its coming. He believed that it is far more likely that the Western 
democracies will dance and dream themselves into oblivion 
than march into it, single file and manacled. Huxley grasped, as 
Orwell did not, that it is not necessary to conceal anything from 
a public insensible to contradiction and narcoticized by tech- 
nological diversions. Although Huxley did not specify that tele- 
vision would be our main line to the drug, he would have no 
difficulty accepting Robert MacNeil's observation that "Televi- 
sion is the soma of Aldous Huxley's Brave New World." Big 
Brother turns out to be Howdy Doody. 

I do not mean that the trivialization of public information is 
all accomplished on television. I mean that television is the par- 
adigm for our conception of public information. As the printing 
press did in an earlier time, television has achieved the power to 
define the form in which news must come, and it has also de- 
fined how we shall respond to it. In presenting news to us pack- 
aged as vaudeville, television induces other media to do the 
same, so that the total information environment begins to mir- 
ror television. 

For example, America's newest and highly successful na- 
tional newspaper, USA Today, is modeled precisely on the for- 
mat of television. It is sold on the street in receptacles that look 
like television sets. Its stories are uncommonly short, its design 
leans heavily on pictures, charts and other graphics, some of 
them printed in various colors. Its weather maps are a visual 
delight; its sports section includes enough pointless statistics to 
distract a computer. As a consequence, USA Today, which be- 
gan publication in September 1982, has become the third 
largest daily in the United States (as of July 1984, according to 
the Audit Bureau of Circulations), moving quickly to overtake 
the Daily News and the Wall Street Journal. Journalists of a more 
traditional bent have criticized it for its superficiality and the- 
atrics, but the paper's editors remain steadfast in their disregard 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


112 


of typographic standards. The paper's Editor-in-Chief, John 
Quinn, has said: "We are not up to undertaking projects of the 
dimensions needed to win prizes. They don't give awards for 
the best investigative paragraph ." 4 Here is an astonishing trib- 
ute to the resonance of television's epistemology: In the age of 
television, the paragraph is becoming the basic unit of news in 
print media. Moreover, Mr. Quinn need not fret too long about 
being deprived of awards. As other newspapers join in the 
transformation, the time cannot be far off when awards will be 
given for the best investigative sentence. 

It needs also to be noted here that new and successful maga- 
zines such as People and Us are not only examples of television- 
oriented print media but have had an extraordinary "ricochet" 
effect on television itself. Whereas television taught the maga- 
zines that news is nothing but entertainment, the magazines 
have taught television that nothing but entertainment is news. 
Television programs, such as "Entertainment Tonight," turn in- 
formation about entertainers and celebrities into "serious" cul- 
tural content, so that the circle begins to close: Both the form 
and content of news become entertainment. 

Radio, of course, is the least likely medium to join in the de- 
scent into a Huxleyan world of technological narcotics. It is, 
after all, particularly well suited to the transmission of rational, 
complex language. Nonetheless, and even if we disregard ra- 
dio's captivation by the music industry, we appear to be left 
with the chilling fact that such language as radio allows us to 
hear is increasingly primitive, fragmented, and largely aimed at 
invoking visceral response; which is to say, it is the linguistic 
analogue to the ubiquitous rock music that is radio's principal 
source of income. As I write, the trend in call-in shows is for the 
"host" to insult callers whose language does not, in itself, go 
much beyond humanoid grunting. Such programs have little 
content, as this word used to be defined, and are merely of ar- 
cheological interest in that they give us a sense of what a di- 
alogue among Neanderthals might have been like. More to the 



"Now . . . This" 


113 


point, the language of radio newscasts has become, under the 
influence of television, increasingly decontextualized and dis- 
continuous, so that the possibility of anyone's knowing about 
the world, as against merely knowing of it, is effectively 
blocked. In New York City, radio station WINS entreats its lis- 
teners to "Give us twenty-two minutes and we'll give you the 
world." This is said without irony, and its audience, we may 
assume, does not regard the slogan as the conception of a dis- 
ordered mind. 

And so, we move rapidly into an information environment 
which may rightly be called trivial pursuit. As the game of that 
name uses facts as a source of amusement, so do our sources of 
news. It has been demonstrated many times that a culture can 
survive misinformation and false opinion. It has not yet been 
demonstrated whether a culture can survive if it takes the mea- 
sure of the world in twenty-two minutes. Or if the value of its 
news is determined by the number of laughs it provides. 



8 . 


Shuffle Off 
to Bethlehem 


There is an evangelical preacher on television who goes by the 
name of Reverend Terry. She appears to be in her early fifties, 
and features a coiffure of which it has been said that it cannot be 
mussed, only broken. Reverend Terry is energetic and folksy, 
and uses a style of preaching modeled on early Milton Berle. 
When her audiences are shown in reaction shots, they are al- 
most always laughing. As a consequence, it would be difficult to 
distinguish them from audiences, say, at the Sands Hotel in Las 
Vegas, except for the fact that they have a slightly cleaner, more 
wholesome look. Reverend Terry tries to persuade them, as well 
as those "at home," to change their ways by finding Jesus 
Christ. To help her do this, she offers a "prosperity Campaign 
Kit," which appears to have a dual purpose: As it brings one 
nearer to Jesus, it also provides advice on how to increase one's 
bank account. This makes her followers extremely happy and 
confirms their predisposition to believe that prosperity is the 
true aim of religion. Perhaps God disagrees. As of this writing. 
Reverend Terry has been obliged to declare bankruptcy and 
temporarily halt her ministrations. 

Pat Robertson is the master of ceremonies of the highly suc- 
cessful "700 Club," a television show and religious organiza- 
tion of sorts to which you can belong by paying fifteen dollars 
per month. (Of course, anyone with cable television can watch 
the show free of charge.) Reverend Robertson does his act in a 
much lower register than Reverend Terry. He is modest, intelli- 
gent, and has the kind of charm television viewers would asso- 


114 



Shuffle Off to Bethlehem 


115 


date with a cool-headed talk-show host. His appeal to godliness 
is considerably more sophisticated than Reverend Terry's, at 
least from the standpoint of television. Indeed, he appears to 
use as his model of communication "Entertainment Tonight." 
His program includes interviews, singers and taped segments 
with entertainers who are born-again Christians. For example, 
all of the chorus girls in Don Ho's Hawaiian act are born-again, 
and in one segment, we are shown them both at prayer and on 
stage (although not at the same time). The program also in- 
cludes taped reenactments of people who, having been driven 
to the edge of despair, are saved by the 700 Club. Such people 
play themselves in these finely crafted docu-dramas. In one, we 
are shown a woman racked with anxiety. She cannot concen- 
trate on her wifely duties. The television shows and movies she 
sees induce a generalized fear of the world. Paranoia closes in. 
She even begins to believe that her own children are trying to 
kill her. As the play proceeds, we see her in front of her televi- 
sion set chancing upon the 700 Club. She becomes interested in 
its message. She allows Jesus to enter her heart. She is saved. At 
the end of the play, we see her going about her business, calmly 
and cheerfully, her eyes illuminated with peace. And so, we 
may say that the 700 Club has twice elevated her to a state of 
transcendence: first, by putting her in the presence of Jesus; 
second, by making her into a television star. To the uninitiated, 
it is not entirely clear which is the higher estate. 

Toward the end of each 700 Club show, the following day's 
acts are announced. They are many and various. The program 
concludes with someone's saying, "All this and more . . . to- 
morrow on the 700 Club." 

Jimmy Swaggart is a somewhat older-style evangelist. 
Though he plays the piano quite well, sings sweetly, and uses 
the full range of television's resources, when he gets going he 
favors a kind of fire-and-brimstone approach. But because this 
is television, he often moderates his message with a dollop of 
ecumenism. For example, his sermon on the question. Are the 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


116 


Jews practicing blasphemy? begins by assuring his audience 
that they are not, by recalling Jesus' bar mitzvah, and by insist- 
ing that Christians owe the Jews a considerable debt. It ends 
with his indicating that with the loss of their Temple in Biblical 
times, the Jews have somehow lost their way. His message sug- 
gests that they are rather to be pitied than despised but that, in 
any case, many of them are pretty nice people. 

It is the perfect television sermon — theatrical, emotional, and 
in a curious way comforting, even to a Jewish viewer. For tele- 
vision — bless its heart — is not congenial to messages of naked 
hate. For one thing, you never know who is watching, so it is 
best not to be wildly offensive. For another, haters with red- 
dened faces and demonic gestures merely look foolish on televi- 
sion, as Marshall McLuhan observed years ago and Senator 
Joseph McCarthy learned to his dismay. Television favors 
moods of conciliation and is at its best when substance of any 
kind is muted. (One must make an exception here for those 
instances when preachers, like Swaggart, turn to the subject of 
the Devil and secular humanism. Then they are quite uncom- 
promising in the ferocity of their assaults, partly, one may as- 
sume, because neither the Devil nor secular humanists are 
included in the Nielsen Ratings. Neither are they inclined to 
watch.) 

There are at present thirty-five television stations owned and 
operated by religious organizations, but every television station 
features religious programming of one sort or another. To pre- 
pare myself for writing this chapter, I watched forty-two hours 
of television's version of religion, mostly the shows of Robert 
Schuller, Oral Roberts, Jimmy Swaggart, Jerry Falwell, Jim 
Bakker and Pat Robertson. Forty-two hours were entirely un- 
necessary. Five would have provided me with all the conclu- 
sions, of which there are two, that are fairly to be drawn. 

The first is that on television, religion, like everything else, is 
presented, quite simply and without apology, as an entertain- 
ment. Everything that makes religion an historic, profound and 



Shuffle Off to Bethlehem 


117 


sacred human activity is stripped away; there is no ritual, no 
dogma, no tradition, no theology, and above all, no sense of 
spiritual transcendence. On these shows, the preacher is tops. 
God comes out as second banana. 

The second conclusion is that this fact has more to do with 
the bias of television than with the deficiencies of these elec- 
tronic preachers, as they are called. It is true enough that some 
of these men are uneducated, provincial and even bigoted. They 
certainly do not compare favorably with well-known evan- 
gelicals of an earlier period, such as Jonathan Edwards, George 
Whitefield and Charles Finney, who were men of great learn- 
ing, theological subtlety and powerful expositional skills. None- 
theless, today's television preachers are probably not greatly 
different in their limitations from most earlier evangelicals or 
from many ministers today whose activities are confined to 
churches and synagogues. What makes these television preach- 
ers the enemy of religious experience is not so much their weak- 
nesses but the weaknesses of the medium in which they work. 

Most Americans, including preachers, have difficulty accept- 
ing the truth, if they think about it at all, that not all forms of 
discourse can be converted from one medium to another. It is 
naive to suppose that something that has been expressed in one 
form can be expressed in another without significantly chang- 
ing its meaning, texture or value. Much prose translates fairly 
well from one language to another, but we know that poetry 
does not; we may get a rough idea of the sense of a translated 
poem but usually everything else is lost, especially that which 
makes it an object of beauty. The translation makes it into 
something it was not. To take another example: We may find it 
convenient to send a condolence card to a bereaved friend, but 
we delude ourselves if we believe that our card conveys the 
same meaning as our broken and whispered words when we 
are present. The card not only changes the words but eliminates 
the context from which the words take their meaning. Sim- 
ilarly, we delude ourselves if we believe that most everything a 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 118 

teacher normally does can be replicated with greater efficiency 
by a micro-computer. Perhaps some things can, but there is al- 
ways the question. What is lost in the translation? The answer 
may even be: Everything that is significant about education. 

Though it may be un-American to say it, not everything is 
televisible. Or to put it more precisely, what is televised is trans- 
formed from what it was to something else, which may or may 
not preserve its former essence. For the most part, television 
preachers have not seriously addressed this matter. They have 
assumed that what had formerly been done in a church or a 
tent, and face-to-face, can be done on television without loss of 
meaning, without changing the quality of the religious experi- 
ence. Perhaps their failure to address the translation issue has its 
origin in the hubris engendered by the dazzling number of peo- 
ple to whom television gives them access. 

"Television,” Billy Graham has written, "is the most power- 
ful tool of communication ever devised by man. Each of my 
prime-time 'specials' is now carried by nearly 300 stations 
across the U.S. and Canada, so that in a single telecast I preach 
to millions more than Christ did in his lifetime." 1 To this, Pat 
Robertson adds: "To say that the church shouldn't be involved 
with television is utter folly. The needs are the same, the mes- 
sage is the same, but the delivery can change. ... It would be 
folly for the church not to get involved with the most formative 
force in America." 2 

This is gross technological naivete. If the delivery is not the 
same, then the message, quite likely, is not the same. And if the 
context in which the message is experienced is altogether differ- 
ent from what it was in Jesus' time, we may assume that its 
social and psychological meaning is different, as well. 

To come to the point, there are several characteristics of tele- 
vision and its surround that converge to make authentic reli- 
gious experience impossible. The first has to do with the fact 
that there is no way to consecrate the space in which a televi- 
sion show is experienced. It is an essential condition of any tra- 



Shuffle Off to Bethlehem 


119 


ditional religious service that the space in which it is conducted 
must be invested with some measure of sacrality. Of course, a 
church or synagogue is designed as a place of ritual enactment 
so that almost anything that occurs there, even a bingo game, 
has a religious aura. But a religious service need not occur only 
in a church or synagogue. Almost any place will do, provided it 
is first decontaminated; that is, divested of its profane uses. This 
can be done by placing a cross on a wall, or candles on a table, 
or a sacred document in public view. Through such acts, a gym- 
nasium or dining hall or hotel room can be transformed into a 
place of worship; a slice of space-time can be removed from the 
world of profane events, and be recreated into a reality that 
does not belong to our world. But for this transformation to be 
made, it is essential that certain rules of conduct be observed. 
There will be no eating or idle conversation, for example. One 
may be required to put on a skull cap or to kneel down at ap- 
propriate moments. Or simply to contemplate in silence. Our 
conduct must be congruent with the otherworldliness of the 
space. But this condition is not usually met when we are watch- 
ing a religious television program. The activities in one's living 
room or bedroom or — God help us — one's kitchen are usually 
the same whether a religious program is being presented or 
''The A-Team'' or "Dallas” is being presented. People will eat, 
talk, go to the bathroom, do push-ups or any of the things they 
are accustomed to doing in the presence of an animated televi- 
sion screen. If an audience is not immersed in an aura of mys- 
tery and symbolic otherworldliness, then it is unlikely that it 
can call forth the state of mind required for a nontrivial religious 
experience. 

Moreover, the television screen itself has a strong bias toward 
a psychology of secularism. The screen is so saturated with our 
memories of profane events, so deeply associated with the com- 
mercial and entertainment worlds that it is difficult for it to be 
recreated as a frame for sacred events. Among other things, the 
viewer is at all times aware that a flick of the switch will pro- 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


120 


duce a different and secular event on the screen — a hockey 
game, a commercial, a cartoon. Not only that, but both prior to 
and immediately following most religious programs, there are 
commercials, promos for popular shows, and a variety of other 
secular images and discourses, so that the main message of the 
screen itself is a continual promise of entertainment. Both the 
history and the ever-present possibilities of the television screen 
work against the idea that introspection or spiritual transcen- 
dence is desirable in its presence. The television screen wants 
you to remember that its imagery is always available for your 
amusement and pleasure. 

The television preachers themselves are well aware of this. 
They know that their programs do not represent a discontinuity 
in commercial broadcasting but are merely part of an unbroken 
continuum. Indeed, many of these programs are presented at 
times other than traditional Sunday hours. Some of the more 
popular preachers are quite willing to go "head to head" with 
secular programs because they believe they can put on a more 
appealing show. Incidentally, the money to do this is no prob- 
lem. Contributions to these shows run into the millions. It has 
been estimated that the total revenue of the electric church ex- 
ceeds $500 million a year. 

I mention this only to indicate why it is possible for these 
preachers to match the high production costs of any strictly 
commercial program. And match them they do. Most of the 
religious shows feature sparkling fountains, floral displays, cho- 
ral groups and elaborate sets. All of them take as their model for 
staging some well-known commercial program. Jim Bakker, for 
example, uses "The Merv Griffin Show" as his guide. More 
than occasionally, programs are done "on location," in exotic 
locales with attractive and unfamiliar vistas. 

In addition, exceedingly handsome people are usually in 
view, both on the stage and in the audience. Robert Schuller is 
particularly partial to celebrities, especially movie actors like 
Efrem Zimbalist, Jr., and Cliff Robertson, who have declared 



Shuffle Off to Bethlehem 


121 


their allegiance to him. Not only does Schuller have celebrities 
on his show but his advertisements use their presence to attract 
an audience. Indeed, I think it fair to say that attracting an audi- 
ence is the main goal of these programs, just as it is for "The A- 
Team" and "Dallas." 

To achieve this goal, the most modern methods of marketing 
and promotion are abundantly used, such as offering free pam - 
phlets, Bibles and gifts, and, in Jerry Falwell's case, two free 
"Jesus First" pins. The preachers are forthright about how they 
control the content of their preaching to maximize their ratings. 
You shall wait a very long time indeed if you wish to hear an 
electronic preacher refer to the difficulties a rich man will have 
in gaining access to heaven. The executive director of the Na- 
tional Religious Broadcasters Association sums up what he calls 
the unwritten law of all television preachers: "You can get your 
share of the audience only by offering people something they 
want." J 

You will note, I am sure, that this is an unusual religious 
credo. There is no great religious leader — from the Buddha to 
Moses to Jesus to Mohammed to Luther — who offered people 
what they want. Only what they need. But television is not well 
suited to offering people what they need. It is "user friendly." It 
is too easy to turn off. It is at its most alluring when it speaks the 
language of dynamic visual imagery. It does not accommodate 
complex language or stringent demands. As a consequence, 
what is preached on television is not anything like the Sermon 
on the Mount. Religious programs are filled with good cheer. 
They celebrate affluence. Their featured players become celebri- 
ties. Though their messages are trivial, the shows have high rat- 
ings, or rather, because their messages are trivial, the shows have 
high ratings. 

I believe I am not mistaken in saying that Christianity is a 
demanding and serious religion. When it is delivered as easy 
and amusing, it is another kind of religion altogether. 

There are, of course, counterarguments to the claim that tele- 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


122 


vision degrades religion. Among them is that spectacle is hardly 
a stranger to religion. If one puts aside the Quakers and a few 
other austere sects, every religion tries to make itself appealing 
through art, music, icons and awe-inspiring ritual. The aesthetic 
dimension to religion is the source of its attraction to many peo- 
ple. This is especially true of Roman Catholicism and Judaism, 
which supply their congregants with haunting chants; mag- 
nificent robes and shawls; magical hats, wafers and wine; 
stained-glass windows; and the mysterious cadences of ancient 
languages. The difference between these accoutrements of re- 
ligion and the floral displays, fountains and elaborate sets we 
see on television is that the former are not, in fact, accoutre- 
ments but integral parts of the history and doctrines of the re- 
ligion itself; they require congregants to respond to them with 
suitable reverence. A Jew does not cover his head at prayer 
because a skull cap looks good on television. A Catholic does 
not light a votive candle to improve the look of the altar. Rab- 
bis, priests and Presbyterian ministers do not, in the midst of a 
service, take testimony from movie stars to find out why they 
are religious people. The spectacle we find in true religions has 
as its purpose enchantment, not entertainment. The distinction 
is critical. By endowing things with magic, enchantment is the 
means through which we may gain access to sacredness. Enter- 
tainment is the means through which we distance ourselves 
from it. 

The reply to this is that most of the religion available to us on 
television is "fundamentalist,” which explicitly disdains ritual 
and theology in favor of direct communication with the Bible 
itself, that is, with God. Without ensnaring myself in a theologi- 
cal argument for which I am unprepared, I think it both fair and 
obvious to say that on television, God is a vague and subordi- 
nate character. Though His name is invoked repeatedly, the 
concreteness and persistence of the image of the preacher car- 
ries the clear message that it is he, not He, who must be wor- 
shipped. I do not mean to imply that the preacher wishes it to 



Shuffle Off to Bethlehem 


123 


be so; only that the power of a close-up televised face, in color, 
makes idolatry a continual hazard. Television is, after all, a form 
of graven imagery far more alluring than a golden calf. I suspect 
(though I have no external evidence of it) that Catholic objec- 
tions to Bishop Fulton Sheen's theatrical performances on tele- 
vision (of several years back) sprang from the impression that 
viewers were misdirecting their devotions, away from God and 
toward Bishop Sheen, whose piercing eyes, awesome cape and 
stately tones were as close a resemblance to a deity as charisma 
allows. 

Television's strongest point is that it brings personalities into 
our hearts, not abstractions into our heads. That is why CBS' 
programs about the universe were called “Walter Cronkite's 
Universe." One would think that the grandeur of the universe 
needs no assistance from Walter Cronkite. One would think 
wrong. CBS knows that Walter Cronkite plays better on televi- 
sion than the Milky Way. And Jimmy Swaggart plays better 
than God. For God exists only in our minds, whereas Swaggart 
is there, to be seen, admired, adored. Which is why he is the star 
of the show. And why Billy Graham is a celebrity, and why Oral 
Roberts has his own university, and why Robert Schuller has a 
crystal cathedral all to himself. If I am not mistaken, the word 
for this is blasphemy. 

There is a final argument that whatever criticisms may be 
made of televised religion, there remains the inescapable fact 
that it attracts viewers by the millions. This would appear to be 
the meaning of the statements, quoted earlier by Billy Graham 
and Pat Robertson, that there is a need for it among the multi- 
tude. To which the best reply I know was made by Hannah 
Arendt, who, in reflecting on the products of mass culture, 
wrote: 

This state of affairs, which indeed is equalled nowhere else in the 

world, can properly be called mass culture; its promoters are nei- 
ther the masses nor their entertainers, but are those who try to 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


124 


entertain the masses with what once was an authentic object of 
culture, or to persuade them that Hamlet can be as entertaining as 
My Fair Lady, and educational as well. The danger of mass educa- 
tion is precisely that it may become very entertaining indeed; 
there are many great authors of the past who have survived cen- 
turies of oblivion and neglect, but it is still an open question 
whether they will be able to survive an entertaining version of 
what they have to say . 4 

If we substitute the word "religion" for Hamlet, and the 
phrase "great religious traditions" for "great authors of the 
past," this quotation may stand as the decisive critique of tele- 
vised religion. There is no doubt, in other words, that religion 
can be made entertaining. The question is. By doing so, do we 
destroy it as an "authentic object of culture"? And does the 
popularity of a religion that employs the full resources of vaude- 
ville drive more traditional religious conceptions into manic 
and trivial displays? I have already referred to Cardinal O'Con- 
nor's embarrassing attempts to be well liked and amusing, and 
to a parish priest who cheerfully tries to add rock music to Cath- 
olic education. I know of one rabbi who has seriously proposed 
to his congregation that Luciano Pavarotti be engaged to sing 
Kol Nidre at a Yom Kippur service. He believes that the event 
would fill the synagogue as never before. Who can doubt it? 
But as Hannah Arendt would say, that is the problem, not a 
solution to one. As a member of the Commission on Theology, 
Education and the Electronic Media of the National Council of 
the Churches of Christ, I am aware of the deep concern among 
"established" Protestant religions about the tendency toward 
refashioning Protestant services so that they are more televisi- 
ble. It is well understood at the National Council that the dan- 
ger is not that religion has become the content of television 
shows but that television shows may become the content of 
religion. 



9 - 

Reach Out 
and Elect Someone 


In The Last Hurrah. Edwin O'Connor's fine novel about lusty 
party politics in Boston, Mayor Frank Skeffington tries to in- 
struct his young nephew in the realities of political machinery. 
Politics, he tells him, is the greatest spectator sport in America. 
In 1966, Ronald Reagan used a different metaphor. "Politics," 
he said, "is just like show business." 1 

Although sports has now become a major branch of show 
business, it still contains elements that make Skeffington's vi- 
sion of politics somewhat more encouraging than Reagan's. In 
any sport the standard of excellence is well known to both the 
players and spectators, and an athlete's reputation rises and falls 
by his or her proximity to that standard. Where an athlete 
stands in relation to it cannot be easily disguised or faked, 
which means that David Garth can do very little to improve the 
image of an outfielder with a .2 18 batting average. It also means 
that a public opinion poll on the question. Who is the best 
woman tennis player in the world?, is meaningless. The public's 
opinion has nothing to do with it. Martina Navratilova's serve 
provides the decisive answer. 

One may also note that spectators at a sporting event are usu- 
ally well aware of the rules of the game and the meaning of 
each piece of the action. There is no way for a batter who strikes 
out with the bases loaded to argue the spectators into believing 
that he has done a useful thing for his team (except, perhaps, by 
reminding them that he could have hit into a double play). The 
difference between hits and strike-outs, touchdowns and fum- 


125 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


126 


bles, aces and double faults cannot be blurred, even by the 
pomposities and malapropisms of a Howard Cosell. If politics 
were like a sporting event, there would be several virtues to 
attach to its name: clarity, honesty, excellence. 

But what virtues attach to politics if Ronald Reagan is right? 
Show business is not entirely without an idea of excellence, but 
its main business is to please the crowd, and its principal instru- 
ment is artifice. If politics is like show business, then the idea is 
not to pursue excellence, clarity or honesty but to appear as if 
you are, which is another matter altogether. And what the 
other matter is can be expressed in one word: advertising. In 
Joe McGinnis' book about Richard Nixon's campaign in 1968, 
The Selling of the President, he said much of what needs to be said 
about politics and advertising, both in his title and in the book. 
But not quite all. For though the selling of a President is an 
astonishing and degrading thing, it is only part of a larger point: 
In America, the fundamental metaphor for political discourse is 
the television commercial. 

The television commercial is the most peculiar and pervasive 
form of communication to issue forth from the electric plug. An 
American who has reached the age of forty will have seen well 
over one million television commercials in his or her lifetime, 
and has close to another million to go before the first Social 
Security check arrives. We may safely assume, therefore, that 
the television commercial has profoundly influenced American 
habits of thought. Certainly, there is no difficulty in demonstrat- 
ing that it has become an important paradigm for the structure 
of every type of public discourse. My major purpose here is to 
show how it has devastated political discourse. But there may 
be some value in my pointing, first, to its effect on commerce 
itself. 

By bringing together in compact form all of the arts of show 
business — music, drama, imagery, humor, celebrity — the tele- 
vision commercial has mounted the most serious assault on 
capitalist ideology since the publication of Das Kapital. To un- 



Reach Out and Elect Someone 


127 


derstand why, we must remind ourselves that capitalism, like 
science and liberal democracy, was an outgrowth of the En- 
lightenment. Its principal theorists, even its most prosperous 
practitioners, believed capitalism to be based on the idea that 
both buyer and seller are sufficiently mature, well informed and 
reasonable to engage in transactions of mutual self-interest. If 
greed was taken to be the fuel of the capitalist engine, then 
surely rationality was the driver. The theory states, in part, that 
competition in the marketplace requires that the buyer not only 
knows what is good for him but also what is good. If the seller 
produces nothing of value, as determined by a rational market- 
place, then he loses out. It is the assumption of rationality 
among buyers that spurs competitors to become winners, and 
winners to keep on winning. Where it is assumed that a buyer is 
unable to make rational decisions, laws are passed to invalidate 
transactions, as, for example, those which prohibit children 
from making contracts. In America, there even exists in law a 
requirement that sellers must tell the truth about their products, 
for if the buyer has no protection from false claims, rational 
decision-making is seriously impaired. 

Of course, the practice of capitalism has its contradictions. 
Cartels and monopolies, for example, undermine the theory. 
But television commercials make hash of it. To take the simplest 
example: To be rationally considered, any claim — commercial 
or otherwise — must be made in language. More precisely, it 
must take the form of a proposition, for that is the universe of 
discourse from which such words as "true” and "false” come. If 
that universe of discourse is discarded, then the application of 
empirical tests, logical analysis or any of the other instruments 
of reason are impotent. 

The move away from the use of propositions in commercial 
advertising began at the end of the nineteenth century. But it 
was not until the 1950's that the television commercial made 
linguistic discourse obsolete as the basis for product decisions. 
By substituting images for claims, the pictorial commercial 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


128 


made emotional appeal, not tests of truth, the basis of consumer 
decisions. The distance between rationality and advertising is 
now so wide that it is difficult to remember that there once 
existed a connection between them. Today, on television com- 
mercials, propositions are as scarce as unattractive people. The 
truth or falsity of an advertiser's claim is simply not an issue. A 
McDonald's commercial, for example, is not a series of testable, 
logically ordered assertions. It is a drama — a mythology, if you 
will — of handsome people selling, buying and eating hamburg- 
ers, and being driven to near ecstasy by their good fortune. No 
claims are made, except those the viewer projects onto or infers 
from the drama. One can like or dislike a television commercial, 
of course. But one cannot refute it. 

Indeed, we may go this far: The television commercial is not 
at all about the character of products to be consumed. It is about 
the character of the consumers of products. Images of movie 
stars and famous athletes, of serene lakes and macho fishing 
trips, of elegant dinners and romantic interludes, of happy fami- 
lies packing their station wagons for a picnic in the country — 
these tell nothing about the products being sold. But they tell 
everything about the fears, fancies and dreams of those who 
might buy them. What the advertiser needs to know is not what 
is right about the product but what is wrong about the buyer. 
And so, the balance of business expenditures shifts from product 
research to market research. The television commercial has ori- 
ented business away from making products of value and toward 
making consumers feel valuable, which means that the business 
of business has now become pseudo-therapy. The consumer is a 
patient assured by psycho-dramas. 

All of this would come as a great surprise to Adam Smith, just 
as the transformation of politics would be equally surprising to 
the redoubtable George Orwell. It is true, as George Steiner has 
remarked, that Orwell thought of Newspeak as originating, in 
part, from ''the verbiage of commercial advertising.'' But when 
Orwell wrote in his famous essay "The Politics of the English 



Reach Out and Elect Someone 


129 


Language" that politics has become a matter of "defending the 
indefensible," he was assuming that politics would remain a 
distinct, although corrupted, mode of discourse. His contempt 
was aimed at those politicians who would use sophisticated 
versions of the age-old arts of double-think, propaganda and 
deceit. That the defense of the indefensible would be conducted 
as a form of amusement did not occur to him. He feared the 
politician as deceiver, not as entertainer. 

The television commercial has been the chief instrument in 
creating the modern methods of presenting political ideas. It has 
accomplished this in two ways. The first is by requiring its form 
to be used in political campaigns. It is not necessary, I take it, to 
say very much about this method. Everyone has noticed and 
worried in varying degrees about it, including former New York 
City mayor John Lindsay, who has proposed that political 
"commercials" be prohibited. Even television commentators 
have brought it to our attention, as for example. Bill Moyers in 
"The Thirty-second President," a documentary on his excellent 
television series "A Walk Through the 20th Century." My own 
awakening to the power of the television commercial as politi- 
cal discourse came as a result of a personal experience of a few 
years back, when I played a minuscule role in Ramsey Clark's 
Senate campaign against Jacob Javits in New York. A great be- 
liever in the traditional modes of political discourse, Clark pre- 
pared a small library of carefully articulated position papers on 
a variety of subjects from race relations to nuclear power to the 
Middle East. He filled each paper with historical background, 
economic and political facts, and, I thought, an enlightened so- 
ciological perspective. He might as well have drawn cartoons. 
In fact, Jacob Javits did draw cartoons, in a manner of speaking. 
If Javits had a carefully phrased position on any issue, the fact 
was largely unknown. He built his campaign on a series of 
thirty-second television commercials in which he used visual 
imagery, in much the same way as a McDonald's commercial, to 
project himself as a man of experience, virtue and piety. For all I 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


130 


know, Javits believed as strongly in reason as did Ramsey Clark. 
But he believed more strongly in retaining his seat in the Sen- 
ate. And he knew full well in what century we are living. He 
understood that in a world of television and other visual media, 
"political knowledge" means having pictures in your head 
more than having words. The record will show that this insight 
did not fail him. He won the election by the largest plurality in 
New York State history. And I will not labor the commonplace 
that any serious candidate for high political office in America 
requires the services of an image manager to design the kinds of 
pictures that will lodge in the public's collective head. I will 
want to return to the implications of "image politics" but it is 
necessary, before that, to discuss the second method by which 
the television commercial shapes political discourse. 

Because the television commercial is the single most volu- 
minous form of public communication in our society, it was 
inevitable that Americans would accommodate themselves to 
the philosophy of television commercials. By "accommodate," I 
mean that we accept them as a normal and plausible form of 
discourse. By "philosophy," I mean that the television commer- 
cial has embedded in it certain assumptions about the nature of 
communication that run counter to those of other media, espe- 
cially the printed word. For one thing, the commercial insists on 
an unprecedented brevity of expression. One may even say, in- 
stancy. A sixty-second commercial is prolix; thirty seconds is 
longer than most; fifteen to twenty seconds is about average. 
This is a brash and startling structure for communication since, 
as I remarked earlier, the commercial always addresses itself to 
the psychological needs of the viewer. Thus it is not merely 
therapy. It is instant therapy. Indeed, it puts forward a psycho- 
logical theory of unique axioms: The commercial asks us to be- 
lieve that all problems are solvable, that they are solvable fast, 
and that they are solvable fast through the interventions of 
technology, techniques and chemistry. This is, of course, a pre- 
posterous theory about the roots of discontent, and would ap- 



Reach Out and Elect Someone 131 

pear so to anyone hearing or reading it. But the commercial 
disdains exposition, for that takes time and invites argument. It 
is a very bad commercial indeed that engages the viewer in 
wondering about the validity of the point being made. That is 
why most commercials use the literary device of the pseudo- 
parable as a means of doing their work. Such "parables” as The 
Ring Around the Collar, The Lost Traveler's Checks and The 
Phone Call from the Son Far Away not only have irrefutable 
emotional power but, like Biblical parables, are unambiguously 
didactic. The television commercial is about products only in 
the sense that the story of Jonah is about the anatomy of 
whales, which is to say, it isn't. Which is to say further, it is 
about how one ought to live one's life. Moreover, commercials 
have the advantage of vivid visual symbols through which we 
may easily learn the lessons being taught. Among those lessons 
are that short and simple messages are preferable to long and 
complex ones; that drama is to be preferred over exposition; 
that being sold solutions is better than being confronted with 
questions about problems. Such beliefs would naturally have 
implications for our orientation to political discourse; that is to 
say, we may begin to accept as normal certain assumptions 
about the political domain that either derive from or are ampli- 
fied by the television commercial. For example, a person who 
has seen one million television commercials might well believe 
that all political problems have fast solutions through simple 
measures — or ought to. Or that complex language is not to be 
trusted, and that all problems lend themselves to theatrical ex- 
pression. Or that argument is in bad taste, and leads only to an 
intolerable uncertainty. Such a person may also come to believe 
that it is not necessary to draw any line between politics and 
other forms of social life. Just as a television commercial will 
use an athlete, an actor, a musician, a novelist, a scientist or a 
countess to speak for the virtues of a product in no way within 
their domain of expertise, television also frees politicians from 
the limited field of their own expertise. Political figures may 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


132 


show up anywhere, at any time, doing anything, without being 
thought odd, presumptuous, or in any way out of place. Which 
is to say, they have become assimilated into the general televi- 
sion culture as celebrities. 

Being a celebrity is quite different from being well known. 
Harry Truman was well known but he was not a celebrity. 
Whenever the public saw him or heard him, Truman was talk- 
ing politics. It takes a very rich imagination to envision Harry 
Truman or, for that matter, his wife, making a guest appearance 
on "The Goldbergs" or "I Remember Mama." Politics and pol- 
iticians had nothing to do with these shows, which people 
watched for amusement, not to familiarize themselves with po- 
litical candidates and issues. 

It is difficult to say exactly when politicians began to put 
themselves forward, intentionally, as sources of amusement. In 
the 1950's, Senator Everett Dirksen appeared as a guest on 
"What's My Line?" When he was running for office, John F. 
Kennedy allowed the television cameras of Ed Murrow's "Per- 
son to Person" to invade his home. When he was not run- 
ning for office, Richard Nixon appeared for a few seconds on 
"Laugh-In," an hour-long comedy show based on the format of 
a television commercial. By the 1970's, the public had started to 
become accustomed to the notion that political figures were to 
be taken as part of the world of show business. In the 1980's 
came the deluge. Vice-presidential candidate William Miller did 
a commercial for American Express. So did the star of the Wa- 
tergate Hearings, Senator Sam Ervin. Former President Gerald 
Ford joined with former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger for 
brief roles on "Dynasty." Massachusetts Governor Mike Du- 
kakis appeared on "St. Elsewhere." Speaker of the House Tip 
O'Neill did a stint on "Cheers." Consumer advocate Ralph 
Nader, George McGovern and Mayor Edward Koch hosted 
"Saturday Night Live." Koch also played the role of a fight 
manager in a made-for-television movie starring James Cagney. 
Mrs. Nancy Reagan appeared on "DifPrent Strokes." Would 



Reach Out and Elect Someone 


133 


anyone be surprised if Gary Hart turned up on “Hill Street 
Blues”? Or if Geraldine Ferraro played a small role as a Queens 
housewife in a Francis Coppola film? 

Although it may go too far to say that the politician-as- 
celebrity has, by itself, made political parties irrelevant, there is 
certainly a conspicuous correlation between the rise of the for- 
mer and the decline of the latter. Some readers may remember 
when voters barely knew who the candidate was and, in any 
case, were not preoccupied with his character and personal life. 
As a young man, I balked one November at voting for a Demo- 
cratic mayoralty candidate who. it seemed to me, was both un- 
intelligent and corrupt. “What has that to do with it?” my 
father protested. “All Democratic candidates are unintelligent 
and corrupt. Do you want the Republicans to win?” He meant 
to say that intelligent voters favored the party that best repre- 
sented their economic interests and sociological perspective. To 
vote for the "best man" seemed to him an astounding and naive 
irrelevance. He never doubted that there were good men among 
Republicans. He merely understood that they did not speak for 
his class. He shared, with an unfailing eye, the perspective of 
Big Tim Sullivan, a leader of New York's Tammany Hall in its 
glory days. As Terence Moran recounts in his essay, “Politics 
1984," Sullivan was once displeased when brought the news 
that the vote in his precinct was 6,382 for the Democrat and two 
for the Republican. In evaluating this disappointing result, Sul- 
livan remarked, "Sure, didn't Kelly come to me to say his wife's 
cousin was running on the Republican line and didn't I, in the 
interests of domestic tranquility, give him leave to vote Re- 
publican? But what I want to know is, who else voted Re- 
publican?” 2 

I will not argue here the wisdom of this point of view. There 
may be a case for choosing the best man over party {although I 
know of none). The point is that television does not reveal who 
the best man is. In fact, television makes impossible the deter- 
mination of who is better than whom, if we mean by "better" 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


134 


such things as more capable in negotiation, more imaginative in 
executive skill, more knowledgeable about international affairs, 
more understanding of the interrelations of economic systems, 
and so on. The reason has, almost entirely, to do with "image.” 
But not because politicians are preoccupied with presenting 
themselves in the best possible light. After all, who isn't? It is a 
rare and deeply disturbed person who does not wish to project a 
favorable image. But television gives image a bad name. For on 
television the politician does not so much offer the audience an 
image of himself, as offer himself as an image of the audience. 
And therein lies one of the most powerful influences of the tele- 
vision commercial on political discourse. 

To understand how image politics works on television, we 
may use as an entry point the well-known commercial from 
which this chapter takes the first half of its title. I refer to the 
Bell Telephone romances, created by Mr. Steve Horn, in which 
we are urged to "Reach Out and Touch Someone." The "some- 
one" is usually a relative who lives in Denver or Los Angeles or 
Atlanta — in any case, very far from where we are, and who, in 
a good year, we will be lucky to see on Thanksgiving Day. The 
"someone” used to play a daily and vital role in our lives; that is 
to say, used to be a member of the family. Though American 
culture stands vigorously opposed to the idea of family, there 
nonetheless still exists a residual nag that something essential to 
our lives is lost when we give it up. Enter Mr. Horn's commer- 
cials. These are thirty-second homilies concerned to provide a 
new definition of intimacy in which the telephone wire will 
take the place of old-fashioned co-presence. Even further, these 
commercials intimate a new conception of family cohesion for a 
nation of kinsmen who have been split asunder by automobiles, 
jet aircraft and other instruments of family suicide. In analyzing 
these commercials. Jay Rosen makes the following observation: 
"Horn isn't interested in saying anything, he has no message to 
get across. His goal is not to provide information about Bell, but 
to somehow bring out from the broken ties of millions of Amer- 



Reach Out and Elect Someone 


135 


ican lives a feeling which might focus on the telephone. . . . 
Horn does not express himself. You do not express yourself. 
Horn expresses you.” 3 

This is the lesson of all great television commercials: They 
provide a slogan, a symbol or a focus that creates for viewers a 
comprehensive and compelling image of themselves. In the 
shift from party politics to television politics, the same goal is 
sought. We are not permitted to know who is best at being Pres- 
ident or Governor or Senator, but whose image is best in touch- 
ing and soothing the deep reaches of our discontent. We look at 
the television screen and ask, in the same voracious way as the 
Queen in Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, "Mirror, mirror on 
the wall, who is the fairest one of all?” We are inclined to vote 
for those whose personality, family life, and style, as imaged on 
the screen, give back a better answer than the Queen received. 
As Xenophanes remarked twenty-five centuries ago, men al- 
ways make their gods in their own image. But to this, television 
politics has added a new wrinkle: Those who would be gods 
refashion themselves into images the viewers would have 
them be. 

And so, while image politics preserves the idea of self-interest 
voting, it alters the meaning of "self-interest." Big Tim Sullivan 
and my father voted for the party that represented their inter- 
ests, but "interests" meant to them something tangible — pa- 
tronage, preferential treatment, protection from bureaucracy, 
support for one's union or community. Thanksgiving turkeys 
for indigent families. Judged by this standard, blacks may be the 
only sane voters left in America. Most of the rest of us vote our 
interests, but they are largely symbolic ones, which is to say, of 
a psychological nature. Like television commercials, image pol- 
itics is a form of therapy, which is why so much of it is charm, 
good looks, celebrity and personal disclosure. It is a sobering 
thought to recall that there are no photographs of Abraham 
Lincoln smiling, that his wife was in all likelihood a psycho- 
path, and that he was subject to lengthy fits of depression. He 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


136 


would hardly have been well suited for image politics. We do 
not want our mirrors to be so dark and so far from amusing. 
What I am saying is that just as the television commercial emp- 
ties itself of authentic product information so that it can do its 
psychological work, image politics empties itself of authentic 
political substance for the same reason. 

It follows from this that history can play no significant role in 
image politics. For history is of value only to someone who 
takes seriously the notion that there are patterns in the past 
which may provide the present with nourishing traditions. 
"The past is a world," Thomas Carlyle said, "and not a void of 
grey haze." But he wrote this at a time when the book was the 
principal medium of serious public discourse. A book is all his- 
tory. Everything about it takes one back in time — from the way 
it is produced to its linear mode of exposition to the fact that the 
past tense is its most comfortable form of address. As no other 
medium before or since, the book promotes a sense of a co- 
herent and usable past. In a conversation of books, history, as 
Carlyle understood it, is not only a world but a living world. It is 
the present that is shadowy. 

But television is a speed-of-light medium, a present-centered 
medium. Its grammar, so to say, permits no access to the past. 
Everything presented in moving pictures is experienced as hap- 
pening "now," which is why we must be told in language that a 
videotape we are seeing was made months before. Moreover, 
like its forefather, the telegraph, television needs to move frag- 
ments of information, not to collect and organize them. Carlyle 
was more prophetic than he could imagine: The literal gray 
haze that is the background void on all television screens is an 
apt metaphor of the notion of history the medium puts forward. 
In the Age of Show Business and image politics, political dis- 
course is emptied not only of ideological content but of histor- 
ical content, as well. 

Czeslaw Milosz, winner of the 1980 Nobel Prize for Liter- 
ature, remarked in his acceptance speech in Stockholm that our 



Reach Out and Elect Someone 


137 


age is characterized by a “refusal to remember"; he cited, 
among other things, the shattering fact that there are now more 
than one hundred books in print that deny that the Holocaust 
ever took place. The historian Carl Schorske has, in my opinion, 
circled closer to the truth by noting that the modern mind has 
grown indifferent to history because history has become useless 
to it; in other words, it is not obstinacy or ignorance but a sense 
of irrelevance that leads to the diminution of history. Televi- 
sion's Bill Moyers inches still closer when he says, “I worry that 
my own business . . . helps to make this an anxious age of 
agitated amnesiacs. . . . We Americans seem to know every- 
thing about the last twenty-four hours but very little of the last 
sixty centuries or the last sixty years ." 4 Terence Moran, I be- 
lieve, lands on the target in saying that with media whose struc- 
ture is biased toward furnishing images and fragments, we are 
deprived of access to an historical perspective. In the absence of 
continuity and context, he says, "bits of information cannot be 
integrated into an intelligent and consistent whole."’ We do 
not refuse to remember; neither do we find it exactly useless to 
remember. Rather, we are being rendered unfit to remember. 
For if remembering is to be something more than nostalgia, it 
requires a contextual basis — a theory, a vision, a metaphor — 
something within which facts can be organized and patterns dis- 
cerned. The politics of image and instantaneous news provides 
no such context, is, in fact, hampered by attempts to provide 
any. A mirror records only what you are wearing today. It is 
silent about yesterday. With television, we vault ourselves into 
a continuous, incoherent present. "History," Henry Ford said, 
"is bunk." Henry Ford was a typographic optimist. "History," 
the Electric Plug replies, "doesn't exist." 

If these conjectures make sense, then in this Orwell was 
wrong once again, at least for the Western democracies. He en- 
visioned the demolition of history, but believed that it would be 
accomplished by the state; that some equivalent of the Ministry 
of Truth would systematically banish inconvenient facts and de- 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


138 


stroy the records of the past. Certainly, this is the way of the 
Soviet Union, our modern-day Oceania. But as Huxley more 
accurately foretold it, nothing so crude as all that is required. 
Seemingly benign technologies devoted to providing the popu- 
lace with a politics of image, instancy and therapy may disap- 
pear history just as effectively, perhaps more permanently, and 
without objection. 

We ought also to look to Huxley, not Orwell, to understand 
the threat that television and other forms of imagery pose to the 
foundation of liberal democracy — namely, to freedom of in- 
formation. Orwell quite reasonably supposed that the state, 
through naked suppression, would control the flow of informa- 
tion, particularly by the banning of books. In this prophecy, 
Orwell had history strongly on his side. For books have always 
been subjected to censorship in varying degrees wherever they 
have been an important part of the communication landscape. 
In ancient China, the Analects of Confucius were ordered de- 
stroyed by Emperor Chi Huang Ti. Ovid's banishment from 
Rome by Augustus was in part a result of his having written Ars 
Amatoria. Even in Athens, which set enduring standards of 
intellectual excellence, books were viewed with alarm. In 
Areopagitica. Milton provides an excellent review of the many 
examples of book censorship in Classical Greece, including the 
case of Protagoras, whose books were burned because he began 
one of his discourses with the confession that he did not know 
whether or not there were gods. But Milton is careful to observe 
that in all the cases before his own time, there were only two 
types of books that, as he puts it, “the magistrate cared to take 
notice of": books that were blasphemous and books that were 
libelous. Milton stresses this point because, writing almost two 
hundred years after Gutenberg, he knew that the magistrates of 
his own era, if unopposed, would disallow books of every con- 
ceivable subject matter. Milton knew, in other words, that it 
was in the printing press that censorship had found its true 
metier; that, in fact, information and ideas did not become a 



Reach Out and Elect Someone 


139 


profound cultural problem until the maturing of the Age of 
Print. Whatever dangers there may be in a word that is written, 
such a word is a hundred times more dangerous when stamped 
by a press. And the problem posed by typography was recog- 
nized early; for example, by Henry VIII, whose Star Chamber 
was authorized to deal with wayward books. It continued to be 
recognized by Elizabeth I, the Stuarts, and many other post- 
Gutenberg monarchs, including Pope Paul IV, in whose reign 
the first Index Librorum Prohibitorum was drawn. To paraphrase 
David Riesman only slightly, in a world of printing, information 
is the gunpowder of the mind; hence come the censors in their 
austere robes to dampen the explosion. 

Thus, Orwell envisioned that ( 1 ) government control over (2) 
printed matter posed a serious threat for Western democracies. 
He was wrong on both counts. (He was, of course, right on both 
counts insofar as Russia, China and other pre-electronic cul- 
tures are concerned.) Orwell was, in effect, addressing himself 
to a problem of the Age of Print — in fact, to the same problem 
addressed by the men who wrote the United States Constitu- 
tion. The Constitution was composed at a time when most free 
men had access to their communities through a leaflet, a news- 
paper or the spoken word. They were quite well positioned to 
share their political ideas with each other in forms and contexts 
over which they had competent control. Therefore, their great- 
est worry was the possibility of government tyranny. The Bill of 
Rights is largely a prescription for preventing government from 
restricting the flow of information and ideas. But the Founding 
Fathers did not foresee that tyranny by government might be 
superseded by another sort of problem altogether, namely, the 
corporate state, which through television now controls the flow 
of public discourse in America. I raise no strong objection to this 
fact (at least not here) and have no intention of launching into a 
standard-brand complaint against the corporate state. I merely 
note the fact with apprehension, as did George Gerbner, Dean of 
the Annenberg School of Communication, when he wrote: 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


140 


Television is the new state religion run by a private Ministry of 
Culture (the three networks), offering a universal curriculum for 
all people, financed by a form of hidden taxation without repre- 
sentation. You pay when you wash, not when you watch, and 
whether or not you care to watch. . . . 6 

Earlier in the same essay, Gerbner said: 

Liberation cannot be accomplished by turning (television! off. 
Television is for most people the most attractive thing going any 
time of the day or night. We live in a world in which the vast 
majority will not turn off. If we don't get the message from the 
tube, we get it through other people. 

I do not think Professor Gerbner meant to imply in these sen- 
tences that there is a conspiracy to take charge of our symbolic 
world by the men who run the “Ministry of Culture.” I even 
suspect he would agree with me that if the faculty of the An- 
nenberg School of Communication were to take over the three 
networks, viewers would hardly notice the difference. I believe 
he means to say — and in any case, I do — that in the Age of 
Television, our information environment is completely different 
from what it was in 1783; that we have less to fear from govern- 
ment restraints than from television glut; that, in fact, we have 
no way of protecting ourselves from information disseminated 
by corporate America; and that, therefore, the battles for liberty 
must be fought on different terrains from where they once 
were. 

For example, I would venture the opinion that the traditional 
civil libertarian opposition to the banning of books from school 
libraries and from school curricula is now largely irrelevant. 
Such acts of censorship are annoying, of course, and must be 
opposed. But they are trivial. Even worse, they are distracting, 
in that they divert civil libertarians from confronting those 
questions that have to do with the claims of new technologies. 



Reach Out and Elect Someone 


141 


To put it plainly, a student's freedom to read is not seriously 
injured by someone's banning a book on Long Island or in Ana- 
heim or anyplace else. But as Gerbner suggests, television 
clearly does impair the student's freedom to read, and it does so 
with innocent hands, so to speak. Television does not ban 
books, it simply displaces them. 

The fight against censorship is a nineteenth-century issue 
which was largely won in the twentieth. What we are con- 
fronted with now is the problem posed by the economic and 
symbolic structure of television. Those who run television do 
not limit our access to information but in fact widen it. Our 
Ministry of Culture is Huxleyan, not Orwellian. It does every- 
thing possible to encourage us to watch continuously. But what 
we watch is a medium which presents information in a form 
that renders it simplistic, nonsubstantive, nonhistorical and 
noncontextual; that is to say, information packaged as enter- 
tainment. In America, we are never denied the opportunity to 
amuse ourselves. 

Tyrants of all varieties have always known about the value of 
providing the masses with amusements as a means of pacifying 
discontent. But most of them could not have even hoped for a 
situation in which the masses would ignore that which does not 
amuse. That is why tyrants have always relied, and still do, on 
censorship. Censorship, after all, is the tribute tyrants pay to the 
assumption that a public knows the difference between serious 
discourse and entertainment — and cares. How delighted would 
be all the kings, czars and fiihrers of the past (and commissars of 
the present) to know that censorship is not a necessity when all 
political discourse takes the form of a jest. 



I O- 

Teaching as an 
Amusing Activity 


There could not have been a safer bet when it began in 1969 
than that "Sesame Street" would be embraced by children, par- 
ents and educators. Children loved it because they were raised 
on television commercials, which they intuitively knew were 
the most carefully crafted entertainments on television. To 
those who had not yet been to school, even to those who had 
just started, the idea of being taught by a series of commercials 
did not seem peculiar. And that television should entertain 
them was taken as a matter of course. 

Parents embraced "Sesame Street" for several reasons, 
among them that it assuaged their guilt over the fact that they 
could not or would not restrict their children's access to televi- 
sion. "Sesame Street" appeared to justify allowing a four- or 
five-year-old to sit transfixed in front of a television screen for 
unnatural periods of time. Parents were eager to hope that tele- 
vision could teach their children something other than which 
breakfast cereal has the most crackle. At the same time, "Ses- 
ame Street" relieved them of the responsibility of teaching their 
pre-school children how to read — no small matter in a culture 
where children are apt to be considered a nuisance. They could 
also plainly see that in spite of its faults, "Sesame Street" was 
entirely consonant with the prevailing spirit of America. Its use 
of cute puppets, celebrities, catchy tunes, and rapid-fire editing 
was certain to give pleasure to the children and would therefore 
serve as adequate preparation for their entry into a fun-loving 
culture. 


142 



Teaching as an Amusing Activity 


143 


As for educators, they generally approved of "Sesame 
Street," too. Contrary to common opinion, they are apt to find 
new methods congenial, especially if they are told that educa- 
tion can be accomplished more efficiently by means of the new 
techniques. (That is why such ideas as "teacher-proof' text- 
books, standardized tests, and, now, micro-computers have 
been welcomed into the classroom.) "Sesame Street" appeared 
to be an imaginative aid in solving the growing problem of 
teaching Americans how to read, while, at the same time, en- 
couraging children to love school. 

We now know that "Sesame Street" encourages children to 
love school only if school is like "Sesame Street." Which is to 
say, we now know that "Sesame Street" undermines what the 
traditional idea of schooling represents. Whereas a classroom is 
a place of social interaction, the space in front of a television set 
is a private preserve. Whereas in a classroom, one may ask a 
teacher questions, one can ask nothing of a television screen. 
Whereas school is centered on the development of language, 
television demands attention to images. Whereas attending 
school is a legal requirement, watching television is an act of 
choice. Whereas in school, one fails to attend to the teacher at 
the risk of punishment, no penalties exist for failing to attend to 
the television screen. Whereas to behave oneself in school 
means to observe rules of public decorum, television watching 
requires no such observances, has no concept of public de- 
corum. Whereas in a classroom, fun is never more than a means 
to an end, on television it is the end in itself. 

Yet "Sesame Street" and its progeny, "The Electric Com- 
pany," are not to be blamed for laughing the traditional class- 
room out of existence. If the classroom now begins to seem a 
stale and flat environment for learning, the inventors of televi- 
sion itself are to blame, not the Children's Television Work- 
shop. We can hardly expect those who want to make good 
television shows to concern themselves with what the class- 
room is for. They are concerned with what television is for. This 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


144 


does not mean that "Sesame Street" is not educational. It is, in 
fact, nothing but educational — in the sense that every television 
show is educational. Just as reading a book — any kind of book 
— promotes a particular orientation toward learning, watching 
a television show does the same. "The Little House on the 
Prairie," "Cheers" and "The Tonight Show" are as effective as 
"Sesame Street" in promoting what might be called the televi- 
sion style of learning. And this style of learning is, by its nature, 
hostile to what has been called book-learning or its hand- 
maiden, school-learning. If we are to blame "Sesame Street" for 
anything, it is for the pretense that it is any ally of the class- 
room. That, after all, has been its chief claim on foundation and 
public money. As a television show, and a good one, "Sesame 
Street" does not encourage children to love school or anything 
about school. It encourages them to love television. 

Moreover, it is important to add that whether or not "Sesame 
Street" teaches children their letters and numbers is entirely ir- 
relevant. We may take as our guide here John Dewey's observa- 
tion that the content of a lesson is the least important thing 
about learning. As he wrote in Experience and Education: "Per- 
haps the greatest of all pedagogical fallacies is the notion that a 
person learns only what he is studying at the time. Collateral 
learning in the way of formation of enduring attitudes . . . may 
be and often is more important than the spelling lesson or 
lesson in geography or history. . . . For these attitudes are fun- 
damentally what count in the future." 1 In other words, the 
most important thing one learns is always something about how 
one learns. As Dewey wrote in another place, we learn what 
we do. Television educates by teaching children to do what 
television-viewing requires of them. And that is as precisely re- 
mote from what a classroom requires of them as reading a book 
is from watching a stage show. 

Although one would not know it from consulting various re- 
cent proposals on how to mend the educational system, this 
point — that reading books and watching television differ en- 



Teaching as an Amusing Activity 145 

tirely in what they imply about learning — is the primary educa- 
tional issue in America today. America is. in fact, the leading 
case in point of what may be thought of as the third great crisis 
in Western education. The first occurred in the fifth century 
b.c., when Athens underwent a change from an oral culture to 
an alphabet- writing culture. To understand what this meant, 
we must read Plato. The second occurred in the sixteenth cen- 
tury, when Europe underwent a radical transformation as a re- 
sult of the printing press. To understand what this meant, we 
must read John Locke. The third is happening now, in America, 
as a result of the electronic revolution, particularly the in- 
vention of television. To understand what this means, we must 
read Marshall McLuhan. 

We face the rapid dissolution of the assumptions of an educa- 
tion organized around the slow-moving printed word, and the 
equally rapid emergence of a new education based on the 
speed-of-light electronic image. The classroom is, at the mo- 
ment, still tied to the printed word, although that connection is 
rapidly weakening. Meanwhile, television forges ahead, mak- 
ing no concessions to its great technological predecessor, creat- 
ing new conceptions of knowledge and how it is acquired. One 
is entirely justified in saying that the major educational enter- 
prise now being undertaken in the United States is not happen- 
ing in its classrooms but in the home, in front of the television 
set, and under the jurisdiction not of school administrators and 
teachers but of network executives and entertainers. I don't 
mean to imply that the situation is a result of a conspiracy or 
even that those who control television want this responsibility. I 
mean only to say that, like the alphabet or the printing press, 
television has by its power to control the time, attention and 
cognitive habits of our youth gained the power to control their 
education. 

This is why I think it accurate to call television a curriculum. 
As I understand the word, a curriculum is a specially con- 
structed information system whose purpose is to influence. 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


146 


teach, train or cultivate the mind and character of youth. Televi- 
sion, of course, does exactly that, and does it relentlessly. In so 
doing, it competes successfully with the school curriculum. By 
which I mean, it damn near obliterates it. 

Having devoted an earlier book. Teaching as a Conserving Ac- 
tivity. to a detailed examination of the antagonistic nature of the 
two curriculums — television and school — I will not burden the 
reader or myself with a repetition of that analysis. But I would 
like to recall tvVo points that I feel I did not express forcefully 
enough in that book and that happen to be central to this one. I 
refer, first, to the fact that television's principal contribution to 
educational philosophy is the idea that teaching and entertain- 
ment are inseparable. This entirely original conception is to be 
found nowhere in educational discourses, from Confucius to 
Plato to Cicero to Locke to John Dewey. In searching the liter- 
ature of education, you will find it said by some that children 
will learn best when they are interested in what they are learn- 
ing. You will find it said — Plato and Dewey emphasized this 
— that reason is best cultivated when it is rooted in robust emo- 
tional ground. You will even find some who say that learning is 
best facilitated by a loving and benign teacher. But no one has 
ever said or implied that significant learning is effectively, dura- 
bly and truthfully achieved when education is entertainment. 
Education philosophers have assumed that becoming accultur- 
ated is difficult because it necessarily involves the imposition of 
restraints. They have argued that there must be a sequence to 
learning, that perseverance and a certain measure of perspi- 
ration are indispensable, that individual pleasures must fre- 
quently be submerged in the interests of group cohesion, and 
that learning to be critical and to think conceptually and rigor- 
ously do not come easily to the young but are hard-fought vic- 
tories. Indeed, Cicero remarked that the purpose of education is 
to free the student from the tyranny of the present, which can- 
not be pleasurable for those, like the young, who are struggling 



Teaching as an Amusing Activity 


147 


hard to do the opposite — that is, accommodate themselves to 
the present. 

Television offers a delicious and, as I have said, original al- 
ternative to all of this. We might say there are three com- 
mandments that form the philosophy of the education which 
television offers. The influence of these commandments is ob- 
servable in every type of television programming — from "Ses- 
ame Street" to the documentaries of "Nova" and "The National 
Geographic" to "Fantasy Island" to MTV. The commandments 
are as follows: 


Thou shalt have no prerequisites 

Every television program must be a complete package in itself. 
No previous knowledge is to be required. There must not be 
even a hint that learning is hierarchical, that it is an edifice con- 
structed on a foundation. The learner must be allowed to enter 
at any point without prejudice. This is why you shall never hear 
or see a television program begin with the caution that if the 
viewer has not seen the previous programs, this one will be 
meaningless. Television is a nongraded curriculum and ex- 
cludes no viewer for any reason, at any time. In other words, in 
doing away with the idea of sequence and continuity in educa- 
tion, television undermines the idea that sequence and con- 
tinuity have anything to do with thought itself. 


Thou shalt induce no perplexity 

In television teaching, perplexity is a superhighway to low rat- 
ings. A perplexed learner is a learner who will turn to another 
station. This means that there must be nothing that has to be 
remembered, studied, applied or, worst of all, endured. It is 
assumed that any information, story or idea can be made imme- 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


148 


diately accessible, since the contentment, not the growth, of the 
learner is paramount. 

Thou shalt avoid exposition like the ten plagues 
visited upon Egypt 

Of all the enemies of television-teaching, including continuity 
and perplexity, none is more formidable than exposition. Argu- 
ments, hypotheses, discussions, reasons, refutations or any of 
the traditional instruments of reasoned discourse turn television 
into radio or, worse, third-rate printed matter. Thus, television- 
teaching always takes the form of story-telling, conducted 
through dynamic images and supported by music. This is as 
characteristic of "Star Trek” as it is of "Cosmos,” of "DifPrent 
Strokes” as of "Sesame Street," of commercials as of "Nova." 
Nothing will be taught on television that cannot be both visu- 
alized and placed in a theatrical context. 

The name we may properly give to an education without 
prerequisites, perplexity and exposition is entertainment. And 
when one considers that save for sleeping there is no activ- 
ity that occupies more of an American youth's time than 
television-viewing, we cannot avoid the conclusion that a mas- 
sive reorientation toward learning is now taking place. Which 
leads to the second point I wish to emphasize: The conse- 
quences of this reorientation are to be observed not only in the 
decline of the potency of the classroom but, paradoxically, in 
the refashioning of the classroom into a place where both teach- 
ing and learning are intended to be vastly amusing activities. 

I have already referred to the experiment in Philadelphia in 
which the classroom is reconstituted as a rock concert. But this 
is only the silliest example of an attempt to define education 
as a mode of entertainment. Teachers, from primary grades 
through college, are increasing the visual stimulation of their 
lessons; are reducing the amount of exposition their students 
must cope with; are relying less on reading and writing assign- 



Teaching as an Amusing Activity 149 

merits; and are reluctantly concluding that the principal means 
by which student interest may be engaged is entertainment. 
With no difficulty I could fill the remaining pages of this chapter 
with examples of teachers' efforts — in some instances, uncon- 
scious — to make their classrooms into second-rate television 
shows. But I will rest my case with "The Voyage of the Mimi," 
which may be taken as a synthesis, if not an apotheosis, of the 
New Education. "The Voyage of the Mimi" is the name of an 
expensive science and mathematics project that has brought to- 
gether some of the most prestigious institutions in the field of 
education — the United States Department of Education, the 
Bank Street College of Education, the Public Broadcasting Sys- 
tem, and the publishing firm Holt, Rinehart and Winston. The 
project was made possible by a $3.65 million grant from the 
Department of Education, which is always on the alert to put its 
money where the future is. And the future is "The Voyage of 
the Mimi." To describe the project succinctly, I quote from four 
paragraphs in The New York Times of August 7, 1984; 


Organized around a twenty-six-unit television series that depicts 
the adventures of a floating whale-research laboratory, [the pro- 
ject] combines television viewing with lavishly illustrated books 
and computer games that simulate the way scientists and navi- 
gators work. . . . 

"The Voyage of the Mimi" is built around fifteen- minute televi- 
sion programs that depict the adventures of four young people 
who accompany two scientists and a crusty sea captain on a voy- 
age to monitor the behavior of humpback whales off the coast of 
Maine. The crew of the converted tuna trawler navigates the ship, 
tracks down the whales and struggles to survive on an uninhab- 
ited island after a storm damages the ship's hull. . . . 

Each dramatic episode is then followed by a fifteen-minute doc- 
umentary on related themes. One such documentary involved a 
visit by one of the teen-age actors to Ted Taylor, a nuclear phys- 
icist in Greenport, L.I., who has devised a way of purifying sea 
water by freezing it. 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


150 


The television programs, which teachers are free to record off 
the air and use at their convenience, are supplemented by a series 
of books and computer exercises that pick up four academic 
themes that emerge naturally from the story line: map and naviga- 
tional skills, whales and their environment, ecological systems 
and computer literacy. 


The television programs have been broadcast over PBS; the 
books and computer software have been provided by Holt, 
Rinehart and Winston; the educational expertise by the faculty 
of the Bank Street College. Thus, "The Voyage of the Mimi" is 
not to be taken lightly. As Frank Withrow of the Department of 
Education remarked, "We consider it the flagship of what we 
are doing. It is a model that others will begin to follow." Every- 
one involved in the project is enthusiastic, and extraordinary 
claims of its benefits come trippingly from their tongues. Janice 
Trebbi Richards of Holt, Rinehart and Winston asserts, "Re- 
search shows that learning increases when information is pre- 
sented in a dramatic setting, and television can do this better 
than any other medium." Officials of the Department of Ed- 
ucation claim that the appeal of integrating three media — 
television, print, and computers — lies in their potential for 
cultivating higher-order thinking skills. And Mr. Withrow is 
quoted as saying that projects like "The Voyage of the Mimi" 
could mean great financial savings, that in the long run "it is 
cheaper than anything else we do." Mr. Withrow also sug- 
gested that there are many ways of financing such projects. 
"With 'Sesame Street,'" he said, "it took five or six years, but 
eventually you can start bringing in the money with T-shirts 
and cookie jars." 

We may start thinking about what "The Voyage of the Mimi" 
signifies by recalling that the idea is far from original. What is 
here referred to as "integrating three media" or a "multi-media 
presentation" was once called "audio-visual aids," used by 
teachers for years, usually for the modest purpose of enhancing 



Teaching as an Amusing Activity 


151 


student interest in the curriculum. Moreover, several years ago, 
the Office of Education (as the Department was then called) 
supplied funds to WNET for a similarly designed project called 
"Watch Your Mouth," a series of television dramatizations in 
which young people inclined to misuse the English language 
fumbled their way through a variety of social problems. Lin- 
guists and educators prepared lessons for teachers to use in 
conjunction with each program. The dramatizations were com- 
pelling — although not nearly as good as "Welcome Back, Kot- 
ter," which had the unassailable advantage of John Travolta's 
charisma — but there exists no evidence that students who were 
required to view "Watch Your Mouth" increased their compe- 
tence in the use of the English language. Indeed, since there is 
no shortage of mangled English on everyday commercial televi- 
sion, one wondered at the time why the United States govern- 
ment would have paid anyone to go to the trouble of producing 
additional ineptitudes as a source of classroom study. A vid- 
eotape of any of David Susskind's programs would provide an 
English teacher with enough linguistic aberrations to fill a se- 
mester's worth of analysis. 

Nonetheless, the Department of Education has forged ahead, 
apparently in the belief that ample evidence — to quote Ms. 
Richards again — "shows that learning increases when informa- 
tion is presented in a dramatic setting, and that television can 
do this better than any other medium." The most charitable 
response to this claim is that it is misleading. George Comstock 
and his associates have reviewed 2,800 studies on the general 
topic of television's influence on behavior, including cognitive 
processing, and are unable to point to persuasive evidence that 
"learning increases when information is presented in a dra- 
matic setting." 2 Indeed, in studies conducted by Cohen and Sa- 
lomon; Meringoff; Jacoby, Hoyer and Sheluga; Stauffer, Frost 
and Rybolt; Stem; Wilson; Neuman; Katz, Adoni and Parness; 
and Gunter, quite the opposite conclusion is justified. 3 Jacoby 
et al. found, for example, that only 3.5 percent of viewers were 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


152 


able to answer successfully twelve true/false questions concern- 
ing two thirty-second segments of commercial television pro- 
grams and advertisements. Stauffer et al. found in studying 
students' responses to a news program transmitted via televi- 
sion, radio and print, that print significantly increased correct 
responses to questions regarding the names of people and num- 
bers contained in the material. Stern reported that 5 1 percent of 
viewers could not recall a single item of news a few minutes 
after viewing a news program on television. Wilson found that 
the average television viewer could retain only 20 percent of the 
information contained in a fictional televised news story. Katz 
et al. found that 2 1 percent of television viewers could not recall 
any news items within one hour of broadcast. On the basis of 
his and other studies, Salomon has concluded that “the mean- 
ings secured from television are more likely to be segmented, 
concrete and less inferential, and those secured from reading 
have a higher likelihood of being better tied to one's stored 
knowledge and thus are more likely to be inferential.'' 4 In other 
words, so far as many reputable studies are concerned, televi- 
sion viewing does not significantly increase learning, is inferior 
to and less likely than print to cultivate higher-order, inferential 
thinking. 

But one must not make too much of the rhetoric of grants- 
manship. We are all inclined to transform our hopes into ten- 
uous claims when an important project is at stake. Besides, I 
have no doubt that Ms. Richards can direct us to several studies 
that lend support to her enthusiasm. The point is that if you 
want money for the redundant purpose of getting children to 
watch even more television than they already do — and drama- 
tizations at that — you have to escalate the rhetoric to Herculean 
proportions. 

What is of greatest significance about “The Voyage of the 
Mimi" is that the content selected was obviously chosen be- 
cause it is eminently televisible. Why are these students studying 
the behavior of humpback whales? How critical is it that the 



Teaching as an Amusing Activity 


153 


"academic themes" of navigational and map-reading skills be 
learned? Navigational skills have never been considered an "ac- 
ademic theme" and in fact seem singularly inappropriate for 
most students in big cities. Why has it been decided that 
"whales and their environment" is a subject of such compelling 
interest that an entire year's work should be given to it? 

I would suggest that "The Voyage of the Mimi" was con- 
ceived by someone's asking the question. What is television 
good for?, not. What is education good for? Television is good 
for dramatizations, shipwrecks, seafaring adventures, crusty old 
sea captains, and physicists being interviewed by actor- 
celebrities. And that, of course, is what we have got in "The 
Voyage of the Mimi." The fact that this adventure sit-com is 
accompanied by lavishly illustrated books and computer games 
only underscores that the television presentation controls the 
curriculum. The books whose pictures the students will scan 
and the computer games the students will play are dictated by 
the content of the television shows, not the other way around. 
Books, it would appear, have now become an audio-visual aid; 
the principal carrier of the content of education is the television 
show, and its principal claim for a preeminent place in the cur- 
riculum is that it is entertaining. Of course, a television produc- 
tion can be used to stimulate interest in lessons, or even as the 
focal point of a lesson. But what is happening here is that 
the content of the school curriculum is being determined by the 
character of television, and even worse, that character is appar- 
ently not included as part of what is studied. One would have 
thought that the school room is the proper place for students to 
inquire into the ways in which media of all kinds — including 
television — shape people's attitudes and perceptions. Since our 
students will have watched approximately sixteen thousand 
hours of television by high school's end, questions should have 
arisen, even in the minds of officials at the Department of Edu- 
cation, about who will teach our students how to look at televi- 
sion, and when not to, and with what critical equipment when 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


154 


they do. "The Voyage of the Mimi" project bypasses these ques- 
tions; indeed, hopes that the students will immerse themselves 
in the dramatizations in the same frame of mind used when 
watching "St. Elsewhere" or "Hill Street Blues." (One may also 
assume that what is called "computer literacy" does not involve 
raising questions about the cognitive biases and social effects of 
the computer, which, I would venture, are the most important 
questions to address about new technologies.) 

"The Voyage of the Mimi," in other words, spent $3.65 mil- 
lion for the purpose of using media in exactly the manner that 
media merchants want them to be used — mindlessly and invisi- 
bly, as if media themselves have no epistemological or political 
agenda. And, in the end, what will the students have learned? 
They will, to be sure, have learned something about whales, 
perhaps about navigation and map reading, most of which they 
could have learned just as well by other means. Mainly, they 
will have learned that learning is a form of entertainment or, 
more precisely, that anything worth learning can take the form 
of an entertainment, and ought to. And they will not rebel if 
their English teacher asks them to learn the eight parts of speech 
through the medium of rock music. Or if their social studies 
teacher sings to them the facts about the War of 1 8 1 2. Or if their 
physics comes to them on cookies and T-shirts. Indeed, they 
will expect it and thus will be well prepared to receive their 
politics, their religion, their news and their commerce in the 
same delightful way. 



IL 

The Huxleyan 
Warning 


There are two ways by which the spirit of a culture may be 
shriveled. In the first — the Orwellian — culture becomes a 
prison. In the second — the Huxleyan — culture becomes a bur- 
lesque. 

No one needs to be reminded that our world is now marred 
by many prison-cultures whose structure Orwell described ac- 
curately in his parables. If one were to read both 1984 and Ani- 
mal Farm, and then for good measure, Arthur Koestler's 
Darkness at Noon, one would have a fairly precise blueprint of 
the machinery of thought-control as it currently operates in 
scores of countries and on millions of people. Of course, Orwell 
was not the first to teach us about the spiritual devastations 
of tyranny. What is irreplaceable about his work is his in- 
sistence that it makes little difference if our wardens are in- 
spired by right- or left-wing ideologies. The gates of the prison 
are equally impenetrable, surveillance equally rigorous, icon- 
worship equally pervasive. 

What Huxley teaches is that in the age of advanced technol- 
ogy, spiritual devastation is more likely to come from an enemy 
with a smiling face than from one whose countenance exudes 
suspicion and hate. In the Huxleyan prophecy. Big Brother does 
not watch us, by his choice. We watch him, by ours. There is no 
need for wardens or gates or Ministries of Truth. When a popu- 
lation becomes distracted by trivia, when cultural life is re- 
defined as a perpetual round of entertainments, when serious 
public conversation becomes a form of baby-talk, when, in 


155 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


156 


short, a people become an audience and their public business a 
vaudeville act, then a nation finds itself at risk; culture-death is 
a clear possibility. 

In America, Orwell's prophecies are of small relevance, but 
Huxley's are well under way toward being realized. For Amer- 
ica is engaged in the world's most ambitious experiment to 
accommodate itself to the technological distractions made pos- 
sible by the electric plug. This is an experiment that began 
slowly and modestly in the mid-nineteenth century and has 
now, in the latter half of the twentieth, reached a perverse ma- 
turity in America's consuming love-affair with television. As 
nowhere else in the world. Americans have moved far and fast 
in bringing to a close the age of the slow-moving printed word, 
and have granted to television sovereignty over all of their in- 
stitutions. By ushering in the Age of Television, America has 
given the world the clearest available glimpse of the Huxleyan 
future. 

Those who speak about this matter must often raise their 
voices to a near- hysterical pitch, inviting the charge that they 
are everything from wimps to public nuisances to Jeremiahs. 
But they do so because what they want others to see appears 
benign, when it is not invisible altogether. An Orwellian world 
is much easier to recognize, and to oppose, than a Huxleyan. 
Everything in our background has prepared us to know and 
resist a prison when the gates begin to close around us. We are 
not likely, for example, to be indifferent to the voices of the 
Sakharovs and the Timmermans and the Walesas. We take 
arms against such a sea of troubles, buttressed by the spirit of 
Milton, Bacon, Voltaire, Goethe and Jefferson. But what if there 
are no cries of anguish to be heard? Who is prepared to take 
arms against a sea of amusements? To whom do we complain, 
and when, and in what tone of voice, when serious discourse 
dissolves into giggles? What is the antidote to a culture's being 
drained by laughter? 

I fear that our philosophers have given us no guidance in this 



The Huxleyan Warning 


157 


matter. Their warnings have customarily been directed against 
those consciously formulated ideologies that appeal to the 
worst tendencies in human nature. But what is happening in 
America is not the design of an articulated ideology. No Mein 
Kampf or Communist Manifesto announced its coming. It comes 
as the unintended consequence of a dramatic change in our 
modes of public conversation. But it is an ideology nonetheless, 
for it imposes a way of life, a set of relations among people and 
ideas, about which there has been no consensus, no discussion 
and no opposition. Only compliance. Public consciousness has 
not yet assimilated the point that technology is ideology. This, 
in spite of the fact that before our very eyes technology has 
altered every aspect of life in America during the past eighty 
years. For example, it would have been excusable in 1 905 for us 
to be unprepared for the cultural changes the automobile would 
bring. Who could have suspected then that the automobile 
would tell us how we were to conduct our social and sexual 
lives? Would reorient our ideas about what to do with our for- 
ests and cities? Would create new ways of expressing our per- 
sonal identity and social standing? 

But it is much later in the game now, and ignorance of the 
score is inexcusable. To be unaware that a technology comes 
equipped with a program for social change, to maintain that 
technology is neutral, to make the assumption that technology 
is always a friend to culture is, at this late hour, stupidity plain 
and simple. Moreover, we have seen enough by now to know 
that technological changes in our modes of communication are 
even more ideology- laden than changes in our modes of trans- 
portation. Introduce the alphabet to a culture and you change 
its cognitive habits, its social relations, its notions of commu- 
nity, history and religion. Introduce the printing press with 
movable type, and you do the same. Introduce speed-of-light 
transmission of images and you make a cultural revolution. 
Without a vote. Without polemics. Without guerrilla resistance. 
Here is ideology, pure if not serene. Here is ideology without 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


158 


words, and all the more powerful for their absence. All that is 
required to make it stick is a population that devoutly believes 
in the inevitability of progress. And in this sense, all Americans 
are Marxists, for we believe nothing if not that history is moving 
us toward some preordained paradise and that technology is the 
force behind that movement. 

Thus, there are near insurmountable difficulties for anyone 
who has written such a book as this, and who wishes to end it 
with some remedies for the affliction. In the first place, not 
everyone believes a cure is needed, and in the second, there 
probably isn't any. But as a true-blue American who has im- 
bibed the unshakable belief that where there is a problem, there 
must be a solution, I shall conclude with the following sugges- 
tions. 

We must, as a start, not delude ourselves with preposterous 
notions such as the straight Luddite position as outlined, for 
example, in Jerry Mander's Four Arguments for the Elimination of 
Television. Americans will not shut down any part of their tech- 
nological apparatus, and to suggest that they do so is to make 
no suggestion at all. It is almost equally unrealistic to expect 
that nontrivial modifications in the availability of media will 
ever be made. Many civilized nations limit by law the amount 
of hours television may operate and thereby mitigate the role 
television plays in public life. But I believe that this is not a 
possibility in America. Once having opened the Happy Medium 
to full public view, we are not likely to countenance even its 
partial closing. Still, some Americans have been thinking along 
these lines. As I write, a story appears in The New York Times 
(September 27, 1984) about the plans of the Farmington, Con- 
necticut, Library Council to sponsor a "TV Turnoff." It appears 
that such an effort was made the previous year, the idea being 
to get people to stop watching television for one month. The 
Times reports that the turnoff the previous January was widely 
noted by the media. Ms. Ellen Babcock, whose family partici- 
pated, is quoted as saying, "It will be interesting to see if the 



The Huxleyan Warning 


159 


impact is the same this year as last year, when we had terrific 
media coverage.” In other words, Ms. Babcock hopes that by 
watching television, people will learn that they ought to stop 
watching television. It is hard to imagine that Ms. Babcock does 
not see the irony in this position. It is an irony that I have con- 
fronted many times in being told that I must appear on televi- 
sion to promote a book that warns people against television. 
Such are the contradictions of a television-based culture. 

In any case, of how much help is a one-month turnoff? It is a 
mere pittance; that is to say, a penance. How comforting it must 
be when the folks in Farmington are done with their punish- 
ment and can return to their true occupation. Nonetheless, one 
applauds their effort, as one must applaud the efforts of those 
who see some relief in limiting certain kinds of content on tele- 
vision — for example, excessive violence, commercials on chil- 
dren's shows, etc. I am particularly fond of John Lindsay's 
suggestion that political commercials be banned from television 
as we now ban cigarette and liquor commercials. I would gladly 
testify before the Federal Communications Commission as to 
the manifold merits of this excellent idea. To those who would 
oppose my testimony by claiming that such a ban is a clear 
violation of the First Amendment, I would offer a compromise: 
Require all political commercials to be preceded by a short 
statement to the effect that common sense has determined that 
watching political commercials is hazardous to the intellectual 
health of the community. 

I am not very optimistic about anyone's taking this sugges- 
tion seriously. Neither do I put much stock in proposals to im- 
prove the quality of television programs. Television, as I have 
implied earlier, serves us most usefully when presenting junk- 
entertainment; it serves us most ill when it co-opts serious 
modes of discourse — news, politics, science, education, com- 
merce, religion — and turns them into entertainment packages. 
We would all be better off if television got worse, not better. 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


160 


"The A-Team" and "Cheers" are no threat to our public health. 
"60 Minutes," "Eye-Witness News" and "Sesame Street" are. 

The problem, in any case, does not reside in what people 
watch. The problem is in that we watch. The solution must be 
found in how we watch. For I believe it may fairly be said that 
we have yet to learn what television is. And the reason is that 
there has been no worthwhile discussion, let alone widespread 
public understanding, of what information is and how it gives 
direction to a culture. There is a certain poignancy in this, since 
there are no people who more frequently and enthusiastically 
use such phrases as "the information age," "the information 
explosion," and "the information society." We have apparently 
advanced to the point where we have grasped the idea that a 
change in the forms, volume, speed and context of information 
means something, but we have not got any further. 

What is information? Or more precisely, what are informa- 
tion? What are its various forms? What conceptions of intelli- 
gence, wisdom and learning does each form insist upon? What 
conceptions does each form neglect or mock? What are the 
main psychic effects of each form? What is the relation between 
information and reason? What is the kind of information that 
best facilitates thinking? Is there a moral bias to each informa- 
tion form? What does it mean to say that there is too much 
information? How would one know? What redefinitions of im- 
portant cultural meanings do new sources, speeds, contexts and 
forms of information require? Does television, for example, give 
a new meaning to "piety," to "patriotism," to "privacy"? Does 
television give a new meaning to "judgment" or to "under- 
standing"? How do different forms of information persuade? Is 
a newspaper's "public" different from television's "public"? 
How do different information forms dictate the type of content 
that is expressed? 

These questions, and dozens more like them, are the means 
through which it might be possible for Americans to begin talk- 
ing back to their television sets, to use Nicholas Johnson's 



The Huxleyan Warning 


161 


phrase. For no medium is excessively dangerous if its users un- 
derstand what its dangers are. It is not important that those who 
ask the questions arrive at my answers or Marshall McLuhan's 
(quite different answers, by the way). This is an instance in 
which the asking of the questions is sufficient. To ask is to break 
the spell. To which I might add that questions about the psy- 
chic, political and social effects of information are as applicable 
to the computer as to television. Although I believe the com- 
puter to be a vastly overrated technology, I mention it here be- 
cause, clearly, Americans have accorded it their customary 
mindless inattention; which means they will use it as they are 
told, without a whimper. Thus, a central thesis of computer 
technology — that the principal difficulty we have in solving 
problems stems from insufficient data — will go unexamined. 
Until, years from now, when it will be noticed that the massive 
collection and speed-of-light retrieval of data have been of great 
value to large-scale organizations but have solved very little of 
importance to most people and have created at least as many 
problems for them as they may have solved. 

In any case, the point I am trying to make is that only 
through a deep and unfailing awareness of the structure and 
effects of information, through a demystification of media, is 
there any hope of our gaining some measure of control over 
television, or the computer, or any other medium. How is such 
media consciousness to be achieved? There are only two an- 
swers that come to mind, one of which is nonsense and can be 
dismissed almost at once; the other is desperate but it is all we 
have. 

The nonsensical answer is to create television programs 
whose intent would be, not to get people to stop watching tele- 
vision but to demonstrate how television ought to be viewed, to 
show how television recreates and degrades our conception of 
news, political debate, religious thought, etc. I imagine such 
demonstrations would of necessity take the form of parodies, 
along the lines of "Saturday Night Live" and "Monty Python," 



Amusing Ourselves to Death 


162 


the idea being to induce a nationwide horse laugh over televi- 
sion's control of public discourse. But, naturally, television 
would have the last laugh. In order to command an audience 
large enough to make a difference, one would have to make the 
programs vastly amusing, in the television style. Thus, the act of 
criticism itself would, in the end, be co-opted by television. The 
parodists would become celebrities, would star in movies, and 
would end up making television commercials. 

The desperate answer is to rely on the only mass medium of 
communication that, in theory, is capable of addressing the 
problem: our schools. This is the conventional American solu- 
tion to all dangerous social problems, and is, of course, based on 
a naive and mystical faith in the efficacy of education. The pro- 
cess rarely works. In the matter at hand, there is even less rea- 
son than usual to expect it to. Our schools have not yet even got 
around to examining the role of the printed word in shaping 
our culture. Indeed, you will not find two high school seniors in 
a hundred who could tell you — within a five- hundred-year 
margin of error — when the alphabet was invented. I suspect 
most do not even know that the alphabet was invented. I have 
found that when the question is put to them, they appear 
puzzled, as if one had asked. When were trees invented, or 
clouds? It is the very principle of myth, as Roland Barthes 
pointed out, that it transforms history into nature, and to ask of 
our schools that they engage in the task of de- mythologizing 
media is to ask something the schools have never done. 

And yet there is reason to suppose that the situation is not 
hopeless. Educators are not unaware of the effects of television 
on their students. Stimulated by the arrival of the computer, 
they discuss it a great deal — which is to say, they have become 
somewhat "media conscious." It is true enough that much of 
their consciousness centers on the question. How can we use 
television (or the computer, or word processor) to control edu- 
cation? They have not yet got to the question. How can we use 
education to control television (or the computer, or word pro- 



The Huxleyan Warning 


163 


cessor)? But our reach for solutions ought to exceed our present 
grasp, or what's our dreaming for? Besides, it is an acknowl- 
edged task of the schools to assist the young in learning how to 
interpret the symbols of their culture. That this task should now 
require that they Ieam how to distance themselves from their 
forms of information is not so bizarre an enterprise that we can- 
not hope for its inclusion in the curriculum; even hope that it 
will be placed at the center of education. 

What I suggest here as a solution is what Aldous Huxley sug- 
gested, as well. And I can do no better than he. He believed with 
H. G. Wells that we are in a race between education and disas- 
ter, and he wrote continuously about the necessity of our un- 
derstanding the politics and epistemology of media. For in the 
end, he was trying to tell us that what afflicted the people in 
Brave New World was not that they were laughing instead of 
thinking, but that they did not know what they were laughing 
about and why they had stopped thinking. 



Notes 


Chapter l : The Medium Is the Metaphor 

1. As quoted in the Wisconsin State Journal. August 24, 1983, Section 
3, page 1. 

2. Cassirer, p. 43. 

3. Frye, p. 227. 

Chapter 2: Media as Epistemology 

1. Frye, p. 217. 

2. Frye, p. 218. 

3. Frye, p. 218. 

4. As quoted in Ong, "Literacy and the Future of Print," pp. 201 — 

202. 

5. Ong, Orality. p. 35. 

6. Ong, Orality. p. 109. 

7. Jerome Bruner, in Studies in Cognitive Growth, states that growth is 
"as much from the outside in as from the inside out," and that 
"much of [cognitive growth] consists in a human being's becom- 
ing linked with culturally transmitted 'amplifiers' of motoric, sen- 
sory, and reflective capacities." (pp. 1—2) 

According to Goody, in The Domestication of the Savage Mind, 
"[writing] changes the nature of the representations of the world 
(cognitive processes) for those who cannot [read]." He continues: 
"The existence of the alphabet therefore changes the type of data 
that an individual is dealing with, and it changes the repertoire of 
programmes he has available for treating his data." (p. 110) 

Julian Jaynes, in The Origins of Consciousness in the Breakdown of 


165 



Notes 


166 


the Bicameral Mind, states that the role of “writing in the break- 
down of the bicameral voices is tremendously important.” He 
claims that the written word served as a “replacement" for the 
hallucinogenic image, and took up the right hemispheric function 
of sorting out and fitting together data. 

Walter Ong, in The Presence of the Word, and Marshall McLuhan, 
in Understanding Media, stress media's effects on the variations in 
the ratio and balance among the senses. One might add that as 
early as 1938, Alfred North Whitehead (in Modes of Thought) called 
attention to the need for a thorough study of the effects of changes 
in media on the organization of the sensorium. 

Chapter 3: Typographic America 

1. Franklin, p. 175. 

2. Hart, p. 8. 

3. Hart, p. 8. 

4. Hart. p. 8. 

5. Hart, p. 15. 

6. Lockridge, p. 184. 

7. Lockridge, p. 184. 

8. Hart, p. 47. 

9. Mumford, p. 136. 

10. Stone, p. 42. 

11. Hart, p. 31. 

12. Boorstin, p. 315. 

13. Boorstin, p. 315. 

14. Hart, p. 39. 

15. Hart, p. 45. 

16. Fast, p. x (in Introduction). 

17. This press was not the first established on the American continent. 
The Spanish had established a printing office in Mexico a hundred 
years earlier. 

18. Mott, p. 7. 

19. Boorstin, p. 320. 

20. Mott, p. 9. 

21. Lee, p. 10. 



Notes 


167 


22. Boorstin, p. 326. 

23. Boorstin, p. 327. 

24. Hart, p. 27. 

25. Tocqueville, p. 58. 

26. Tocqueville, pp. 5—6. 

27. Hart, p. 86. 

28. Curti, pp. 353-354. 

29. Hart, p. 153. 

30. Hart, p. 74. 

31. Curti, p. 337. 

32. Hart, p. 102. 

33. Berger, p. 183. 

34. Curti, p. 356. 

35. Berger, p. 158. 

36. Berger, p. 158. 

37. Berger, p. 158. 

38. Curti, p. 356. 

39. Twain, p. 161. 

40. Hofstadter, p. 145. 

41. Hofstadter, p. 19. 

42. Tocqueville, p. 260. 

43. Miller, p. 269. 

44. Miller, p. 271. 

45. Marx, p. 150. 

Chapter 4: The Typographic Mind 

1. Sparks, p. 4. 

2. Sparks, p. 1 1. 

3. Sparks, p. 87. 

4. Questions were continuously raised about the accuracy of the 
transcriptions of these debates. Robert Hitt was the verbatim re- 
porter for the debates, and he was accused of repairing Lincoln's 
“illiteracies.” The accusations were made, of course, by Lincoln's 
political enemies, who, perhaps, were dismayed by the impression 
Lincoln's performances were making on the country. Hitt emphat- 
ically denied he had "doctored" any of Lincoln's speeches. 



Notes 


168 


5. Hudson, p. 5. 

6. Sparks, p. 86. 

7. Mill, p. 64. 

8. Hudson, p. 1 10. 

9. Paine, p. 6. 

10. Hudson, p. 132. 

1 1 . Perry Miller, p. 1 5. 

12. Hudson, p. 65. 

13. Hudson, p. 143. 

14. Perry Miller, p. 1 19. 

15. Perry Miller, p. 140. 

16. Perry Miller, pp. 140— 141. 

17. Perry Miller, p. 120. 

18. Perry Miller, p. 153. 

19. Presbrey, p. 244. 

20. Presbrey, p. 126. 

21. Presbrey, p. 157. 

22. Presbrey, p. 235. 

23. Anderson, p. 17. In this connection, it is worth citing a letter, 
dated January 15, 1787, written by Thomas Jefferson to Monsieur 
de Crdve-coeur. In his letter, Jefferson complained that the English 
were trying to claim credit for an American invention: making the 
circumference of a wheel out of one single piece of wood. Jeffer- 
son speculated that Jersey farmers learned how to do this from 
their reading of Homer, who described the process clearly. The 
English must have copied the procedure from Americans, Jeffer- 
son wrote, "because ours are the only farmers who can read 
Homer." 

Chapter 5: The Peek-a-Boo World 

1. Thoreau, p. 36. 

2. Harlow, p. 100. 

3. Czitrom, pp. 15—16. 

4. Sontag, p. 165. 

5. Newhall, p. 33. 

6. Salomon, p. 36. 



Notes 


169 


7. Sontag. p. 20. 

8. Sontag, p. 20. 


Chapter 6: The Age of Show Business 

1. On July 20, 1984, The New York Times reported that the Chinese 
National Television network had contracted with CBS to broadcast 
sixty-four hours of CBS programming in China. Contracts with 
NBC and ABC are sure to follow. One hopes that the Chinese un- 
derstand that such transactions are of great political consequence. 
The Gang of Four is as nothing compared with the Gang of Three. 

2. This story was carried by several newspapers, including the 
Wisconsin State Journal. February 24, 1983, Section 4, p. 2. 

3. As quoted in The New York Times. June 7, 1 984, Section A, p. 20. 

Chapter 7 : "Now . . . This" 

1. For a fairly thorough report on Ms. Craft's suit, see The New York 
Times. July 29, 1983. 

2. MacNeil, p. 2. 

3. MacNeil, p. 4. 

4. See Time. July 9. 1984, p. 69. 

Chapter 8: Shuffle Off to Bethlehem 

1. Graham, pp. 5—8. For a detailed analysis of Graham's style, see 
Michael Real's Mass Mediated Culture. For an amusing and vitriolic 
one, see Roland Barthes' "Billy Graham at the Winter Cyclo- 
dome," in The Eiffel Tower and Other Mythologies. Barthes says, "If 
God really does speak through the mouth of Dr. Graham, then God 
is a real blockhead." 

2. As quoted in "Religion in Broadcasting," by Robert Abelman and 
Kimberly Neuendorf, p. 2. This study was funded by a grant from 
Unda-USA, Washington, D.C. 

3. Armstrong, p. 137. 

4. Arendt, p. 352. 



Notes 


170 


Chapter 9: Reach Out and Elect Someone 

1. Drew, p. 263. 

2. Moran, p. 122. 

3. Rosen, p. 162. 

4. Quoted from a speech given on March, 27, 1984, at the Jewish 
Museum in New York City on the occasion of a conference of the 
National Jewish Archive of Broadcasting. 

5. Moran, p. 125. 

6. From a speech given at the twenty-fourth Media Ecology Confer- 
ence, April 26, 1982, in Saugerties, New York. For a full account of 
Dean Gerbner's views, see "Television: The New State Religion," 
Etcetera 34:2 (June, 1977): 145-150. 

Chapter 10: Teaching as an Amusing Activity 

1. Dewey, p. 48. 

2. G. Comstock, S. Chaffee, N. Katzman, M. McCombs, and D. Rob- 
erts, Television and Human Behavior (New York: Columbia Univer- 
sity Press, 1978). 

3. A. Cohen and G. Salomon, "Children's Literate Television View- 
ing: Surprises and Possible Explanations," Journal of Communica- 
tion 29 (1979): 156—163; L. M. Meringoff, "What Pictures Can 
and Can't Do for Children's Story Comprehension," paper pre- 
sented at the annual meeting of the American Educational Re- 
search Association, April, 1982; J. Jacoby, W. D. Hoyer and D. A. 
Sheluga, Miscomprehension of Televised Communications (New York: 
The Educational Foundation of the American Association of Ad- 
vertising Agencies, 1980); J. Stauffer, R. Frost and W. Rybolt, "Re- 
call and Learning from Broadcast News: Is Print Better?," Journal 
of Broadcasting (Summer, 1981): 253—262; A. Stem, "A Study for 
the National Association for Broadcasting," in M. Barret (ed.). The 
Politics of Broadcasting. 1971—1972 (New York: Thomas Y. Crowell, 
1973); C. E. Wilson, "The Effect of a Medium on Loss of Informa- 
tion," Journalism Quarterly 51 (Spring, 1974): 111 — 115; W. R. 
Neuman, "Patterns of Recall Among Television News Viewers," 
Public Opinion Quarterly 40 (1976): 118—125; E. Katz, H. Adoni 



Notes 


171 


and P. Pamess, "Remembering the News: What the Pictures Add 
to Recall," Journalism Quarterly 54 (1977): 233—242; B. Gunter, 
"Remembering Television News: Effects of Picture Content," Jour- 
nal of General Psychology 102 (1980): 127—133. 

4. Salomon, p. 81. 



Bibliography 


Anderson, Paul. Platonism in the Midwest. Philadelphia: Temple Univer- 
sity Publications, 1963. 

Arendt, Hannah. "Society and Culture," in The Human Dialogue, edited 
by Floyd Matson and Ashley Montagu. Glencoe, III.: Free Press, 
1967. 

Armstrong, Ben. The Electric Church. Nashville: Thomas Nelson, 1979. 
Berger, Max. The British Traveler in America. 1836-1860. New York: 
Columbia University Press, 1943. 

Boorstin, Daniel J. The Americans: The Colonial Experience. New York: 
Vintage Books, 1958. 

Cassirer, Ernst. An Essay on Man. Garden City, N.Y.: Doubleday An- 
chor, 1956. 

Curti, Merle. The Growth of American Thought. New York: Harper &¦ 
Row, 1951. 

Czitrom, Daniel. Media and the American Mind: From Morse to McLuhan. 

Chapel Hill: University of North Carolina Press, 1982. 

Dewey, John. Experience and Education. The Kappa Delta Pi Lectures. 
London: Collier Books, 1963. 

Drew, Elizabeth. Portrait of an Election: The 1980 Presidential Campaign. 

New York: Simon and Schuster, 1981. 

Eisenstein, Elizabeth. The Printing Press as an Agent of Change. New 
York: Cambridge University Press, 1979. 

Fast, Howard. Introduction to Rights of Man. by Thomas Paine. New 
York: Heritage Press, 1961. 

Franklin, Benjamin. The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin. New 
York: Magnum Books, 1968. 

Frye, Northrop. The Great Code: The Bible and Literature. Toronto: Aca- 
demic Press, 1981. 


1 73 



Bibliography 


174 


Graham, Billy. "The Future of TV Evangelism." TV Guide 31:10 
(1983). 

Harlow, Alvin Fay. Old Wires and New Waves: The History of the Tele- 
graph, Telephone and Wireless. New York: Appleton-Century, 1936. 

Hart, James D. The Popular Book: A History of America's Literary Taste. 
New York: Oxford University Press, 1950. 

Hofstadter, Richard. Anti-lntellectualism in American Life. New York: Al- 
fred A. Knopf, 1964. 

Hudson, Winthrop. Religion in America. New York: Charles Scribner's 
Sons, 1965. 

Lee, James Melvin. History of American Journalism. Boston: Houghton 
Mifflin, 1917. 

Lockridge, Kenneth. "Literacy in Early America, 1650—1800," in Liter- 
acy and Social Development in the West: A Reader, edited by Harvey J. 
Graff. New York: Cambridge University Press, 1981. 

MacNeil, Robert. "Is Television Shortening Our Attention Span?" New 
York University Education Quarterly 14:2 (Winter, 1983). 

Marx, Karl, and Friedrich Engels. The German Ideology. New York: In- 
ternational Publishers, 1972. 

Mill, John Stuart. Autobiography and Other Writings. Boston: Houghton 
Mifflin, 1969. 

Miller, John C. The First Frontier: Life in Colonial America. New York: 
Dell. 1966. 

Miller, Perry. The Life of the Mind in America: From the Revolution to the 
Civil War. New York: Harcourt, Brace and World, 1965. 

Moran, Terence. "Politics 1984: That's Entertainment." Et cetera 41:2 
(Summer, 1984). 

Mott, Frank Luther. American Journalism: A History of Newspapers in the 
U.S. through 260 Years, 1690 to 1950. New York: Macmillan, 1950. 

Mumford, Lewis. Technics and Civilization. New York: Harcourt, Brace 
and World, 1934. 

Newhall, Beaumont. The History of Photography from 18)9 to the Present 
Day. New York: Museum of Modem Art, 1964. 

Ong, Walter. "Literacy and the Future of Print." Journal of Communica- 
tion 30:1 (Winter, 1980). 

Ong, Walter. Orality and Literacy. New York: Methuen, 1982. 

Paine, Thomas. The Age of Reason. New York: Peter Eckler Publishing 
Co., 1919. 



Bibliography 1 75 

Presbrey, Frank. The History and Development of Advertising. Garden 
City, N.Y.: Doubleday, Doran and Co., 1929. 

Rosen, Jay. "Advertising's Slow Suicide." Et cetera 41:2 (Summer, 
1984). 

Salomon, Gavriel. Interaction of Media. Cognition and Learning. San 
Francisco: Jossey-Bass, 1979. 

Sontag, Susan. On Photography. New York: Farrar, Straus and Giroux, 
1977. 

Sparks, Edwin Erie, ed. The Lincoln -Douglas Debates of 1858. Vol. I. 
Springfield, 111.: Illinois State Historical Library, 1908. 

Stone, Lawrence. "The Educational Revolution in England. 1500— 
1640." Past and Present 28 (July, 1964). 

Thoreau, Henry David. Walden. Riverside Editions. Boston: Houghton 
Mifflin, 1957. 

Tocqueville, Alexis de. Democracy in America. New York: Vintage 
Books, 1954. 

Twain, Mark. The Autobiography of Mark Twain. New York: Harper and 
Bros., 1959. 



Index 


ABC network movie The Day After, 
and post-show discussion. 88-91 
advertising: newspaper, history of, 
58-60, 74; political, 126, 129- 
1 37, 1 59; television commercials, 
86, 104-5, 126-37, 159 
Agassiz, Louis. 40 
Age of Reason, 5 1 
Age of Reason. The (Paine). 53 
American Mercury. 77 
American Spelling Book (Webster). 37 
Analects (Confucius). I 38 
Anderson. Paul. 62 
Arendt, Hannah. 123—24 
Areopagitica (Milton). 1 38 
Aristotle, 23 
Associated Press, 67 
Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin 
(Franklin), 30-31 
auto industry. 5 

Bakker, Jim, 116. 120 
Baltimore Patriot. 66 
Baptists. 55 

Barthes. Roland. 79. 162 
Bay Psalm Book. 32 
Beecher, Henry Ward, 40 
Bennett, James, 66, 67 
Bible. 9, 18, 31. 32. 53, 96. 122 
“Bonanza" (TV show), 86 
book censorship. 138—41 


Boorstin, Daniel, 34; The Image. 74, 
76 

Boston, 3, 36—37 

Boston Gazette. 37. 59 

Boston News-Letter. 37, 58 

Brave New V/orld (Huxley). 163 

British Broadcasting Corporation, 93 

Brokaw, Tbm. 106 

Bruner. Jerome. 27 

Buckley. William. 89. 9 1 

Bunn. Alfred. 40 

Burns. George. 5 


capitalism. 6, 52. 126—27 

Carlyle, Thomas, 1 36 

Carter, Jimmy. 61 

Cassirer. Ernst. 10 

Catholicism. 122 

Cavett. Dick, 97 

CBS network. 94. 123 

censorship. 138—41 

"Cheers" (TV show). 132. 144, 160 

Chicago. 3. 93 

Children's Television Workshop, 94. 
143 

Cicero. 146 

cities, as metaphors of national 
character, 3—4, 93 
Clark, Ramsey, 129—30 
clocks, 10-11 


177 



Index 


178 


college: commencements, televised, 
96—97; 19th-century, 55 
Colonial America, typography in, 
30- 38. 41, 53, 62, 139 
Commager, Henry Steele, 62 
commercials. See television 
commercials 

Common Seme (Paine), 34-35 
computers. 28, 78, 154, 161 
confessionals, televised, 94 
Confucius. Analects. 1 38 
Congregationalists, 55 
Constitution, U.S., 139 
conversation, 6-7 
“Cosmos" (TV series), 148 
Coswell, Henry, 54, 55 
court trials, televised, 94 
Craft. Christine. 101 
Cronkite, Walter, 123 
crossword puzzles. 76 

Daguerre. Louis. 7 1 
daguerreotype. 71 
Daily News. 74. Ill 
"Dallas" (TV show). 86 
Day After. The (ABC movie), and 
post-show discussion, 88—9 1 
debates: Lincoln- Douglas, 44—49; 

1 984 presidential. 97 
Decalogue. 9 
Deism. 52-53 

Democracy in America (Ibcqueville). 
37-38, 41-42 

Department of Education, 149, 150, 
151 

Description of New England (Smith), 
31 

Dewey, John, 146; Experience and 
Education. 1 44 
Dickens. Charles. 39 
Dickinson, Emily. 48 


Dietrich, Dr. Edward, 93—94 
"Diff'rent Strokes" (TV show), I 32, 
148 

Dirksen, Everett. 1 32 

doctoral oral. 20-2 1 

Douglas, Stephen A., 44—49, 60 

Dryden, John, Fables. 33-34 

Duch6, Jacob, 34 

Dukakis. Mike. 1 32 

Dunkcrs. 30—31 

Dwight. Timothy. 34 

"Dynasty" (TV show). 86. 88, 1 32 


education: Colonial. 33; to control 
television. 162-63; 19th-century. 
38—40, 55, 62; as television 
entertainment, 94. 142—54; "The 
Voyage of the Mimi" programs, 
discussed. 149—54 
Edwards, Jonathan. 54, 56, 1 17; 
Faithful Narrative of the Surprising 
tobrk of God in the Conversion of 
Many Hundred Souls in 
Northhampton. 54; A Treatise 
Concerning Religious Affections. 54 
18th-century religion and 
typography. 42, 52—56. 63 
Einstein, Albert, 61 
elderly, and television, 28 
"The Electric Company" (TV show). 
143 

electricity, 64-65 
Emerson. Ralph Waldo, 40, 48 
Empire of Reason, 48 
England. 36, 37, 52, 86. 1 39 
entertainment. 80; education as, 94, 
142—54; modern cities as, 3-4; 
politics as. 4. 97. 125-37; 
television as, 86-87. 92—98, 1 00- 
1 13. 1 16-124. 126-37 



Index 


179 


"Entertainment "tonight" (TV show), 
112 

Episcopalians, 55 

epistemology, media as, 16—29, 78— 
80 

Ervin, Sam, 1 32 
Essay Concerning Human 
Understanding (Locke), 33 
Experience and Education (Dewey), 144 
eyeglasses, invention of, 14 
"Eye-Witness News" (TV show), 160 

Fables (Dryden), 33—34 
Faithful Narrative of the Surprising 
Vtork of God in the Conversion of 
Many Hundred Souls in 
Northhampton (Edwards). 54 
Falwell, Jerry, 54, 56, 88, 116. 121 
Faulkner, William, 77 
Federal Communications Act, 4 
Federalist Papers (Publius), 38 
film, 77, 78, 92 
Finney, Charles, 54, 55, 117 
"Firing Line" (TV show), 91 
Fitzgerald, F. Scott, 77 
Ford, Gerald, 132 
Ford, Henry, 1 37 

Four Arguments for the Elimination of 
Television (Mander). 158 
Franklin. Benjamin, 30—31, 35. 37. 
42, 47 

Franklin, James, 37 
Frelinghuysen, Theodore, 53 
Freud, Sigmund, 6 
Frye, Northrop, 12—13, 17—18 

Galileo. 1 5. 24 
Gertoner, George, 1 39—40 
German Ideology. The (Marx), 42—43 
Goodrich. Samuel. 39 


Goody. Jack, 27 

Graham. Billy. 5, 54, 56, 61, 118, 

123 

Great Awakening, 42, 54 
Greece, Classical, 145, 146; book 
censorship in, 1 38; rhetoric in, 22— 
23 

Greeley, Horace, 40 
Guardian (Steele), 33 
"Gunsmoke" (TV show), 86 

Hamilton, Alexander, 38 
Harris, Benjamin, 36—37 
Harvard University, 35—36, 55 
Havelock. Eric, 27 
Hawthorne, Nathaniel, 48 
Hemingway, Ernest, 77 
Henry VIII, King of England, 1 39 
Herschel. John F. W., 7 1 
Heyman, John. 96 

History and Development of Advertising, 
The (Presbrey). 58 
Hoffman, David, 56 
Hofstadter, Richard. 41 
Holbrook. Josiah, 40 
Homer (Pope), 33 
Horn, Steve, 134-35 
Huxley. Aldous. 111. 138, 155—56, 
163; Brave New Hbrld. 163 

illuminated manuscripts, 27 
Image. The (Boorstin). 74, 76 
Index Librorum Prohibitorum, 1 39 
Iranian hostage crisis, 107 

Jackson, Jesse, 4 

Japan, 5, 86 

Javits, Jacob, 129—30 

Jay. John. 38 

Jaynes, Julian. 27 

Jefferson, Thomas, 47, 53, 62, 108 



Index 


180 


Jews, 116, 122 
Johnston, J. F. W„ 40 

Kennedy, Edward, 4 
Kennedy, John F, 1 32 
Kent, James, 56 

Kissinger, Henry, 88-89, 91, 132 
Koch, Edward. 93, 1 32 
"Kojak" (TV show), 86 
Koppel, ltd, 89, 90, 91 

Las Vegas, 3—4, 93 
“Laugh-In" (TV show), 132 
lecture halls, 19th-century, 39—40 
legal system, 19—20; 18- and 19th- 
century, 56—58; televised. 94 
leisure, changing role of, 61 
libraries, 19th-century, 38 
Life. 74 

Lincoln, Abraham. 44—49, 56, 135 
Lincoln- Douglas debates, 44-49 
Lindsay, John. 129, 159 
Lippmann, Walter, 108 
literacy rates: Colonial, 31—35; 19th- 
century, 39-40, 55 
“The Little House on the Prairie" (TV 
show), 144 

Locke, John, 145; Essay Concerning 
Human Understanding. 33 
Longfellow, Henry Wadsworth, 48 
Look. 74 

Lowell. James Russell, 48 
Luther, Martin, 32, 85 
Lyceum Movement, 40 

McCarthy, Joseph, 1 1 6 
McGinnis, Joe, The Selling of the 
President. 126 
McGovern, George. 4. 1 32 
McGuffy Reader. 38 


McLuhan, Marshall, 8. 9, 10, 27, 83, 

1 16, 145. 161 
McNamara, Robert. 88, 89 
MacNeil, Robert. 105-6, 1 1 1 
"MacNeil-Lehrer Newshour" (TV 
show), 105—6 
Madison, James. 38. 47 
Magnetic Tfclegraph Company, 67 
Mander. Jerry, Four Arguments for the 
Elimination of THevision. 1 58 
Markham. Edwin. 48 
Marshall, John, 56. 57 
Marx, Karl. 5. 6; The German Ideology. 
42-43 

Mayflower. 31 

media, as epistemology, 16-29, 78- 
80 

media-metaphors, 13—15 
medical practices, televised, 93-94 
medium and technology, distinctions 
between, 84-85 
"Meet the Press" (TV show), 91 
Melville. Herman, 48 
metaphors, media. 13—15 
Methodists, 55 
microscope, 14 
Middle Ages. 20 
Mill. James, 58 
Mill, John Stuart, 52 
Miller. Perry, 63 
Miller, Reverend Samuel, 37 
Miller, William, 132 
Milosz. Czeslaw, 136—37 
Milton. John, Areopagitica. 1 38 
"Mission: Impossible" (TV show), 86 
mnemonics, 18, 25 
Moral Majority. 88 
Moran, Tfcrence, 1 37 
Morse, Samuel. 65, 66, 67, 70, 71 
Moyers. Bill. 129. 137 



Index 


181 


Mumford. Lewis, 10, 33; Technics and 
Civilization. 1 0— 1 1 
music: rock, 112; television, 88, 
102-3 


Nader. Ralph, 132 
National Religious Broadcasters 
Association. 121 
NBC network. 94 
Nevins, Allan. 62 
New- England Courant. 37 
"The New Media Bible" (movies), 96 
newspapers: advertising in. 58—60, 
74; history of. 36-38, 58-60, 66. 
74; modeled on television. Ill — 

1 12. See also specific names of 
newspapers 

New York Apprentices' Library. 38 

New York City, 3. 93 

New York Daily Mirror. 74 

New Yorker. The. 77 

New York Gazette. 37 

New York Herald. 66, 67, 77 

New York Sun. 66 

New York Times. The. 77. 95, 108, 

149. 158 

Nietzsche, Friedrich, 24 
19th century, 48; advertising. 58—60; 
education, 38-40, 55, 62; legal 
system, 56-58; Lincoln- Douglas 
debates. 44-49; photography, 7 1 . 
74, 76, 77-78; religion. 52-56; 
telegraph, 65-71, 76, 77-78; 
transportation, 64—65; typography, 
38-42, 48-49, 51-63 
Nixon, Richard, 4, 61. 102, 109, 126. 
132 

"Nova" (TV series), 148 
"Now . . . this" mode of discourse, 
99-113 


O'Connor, Cardinal John J., 93, 124 
Official Video Journal. 96 
O'Neill, Tip, 132 
Ong, Waller, 18-19. 27, 51 
"The Open Mind" (TV show), 91 
oral traditions. 18—23, 25, 39—40, 
44-45, 48-50, 54. 60 
Orwell. George. 110, 111, 1 37-38, 

1 39. 155-56; "The Politics of the 
English Language." 128—29 
Ovid, Ars Amatoria. 1 38 

Paine. Thomas. 35, 47; The Age of 
Reason. 53; Common Sense. 34-35 
pamphlets, colonial, 37—38 
Paul IV. Pope, 1 39 

Pennsylvania Amish, filming of, 95— 
96 

penny newspaper, 66 
People. 112 

Philadelphia, 36, 42. 94 
philosophy, 12 
Phoenix, 93 

photography, 48, 71—76, 77—78, 86. 
100 

pictographic writing. 27 
Plato, 6, 22, 145, 146; on written 
word, 12—13 
Poe, Edgar Allan, 48 
politics, 92; Lincoln-Douglas debates, 
44—49; 1984 presidential debates. 
97; Orwell on, 128-29 
politics, television, 7, 97, 125—41; as 
advertising. 4. 97. 125-37, 159; 
and physical appearance of 
politician. 7, 97, 126 
"The Politics of the English 
Language" (Orwell), 128—29 
polls. 107. 125 
Pope. Alexander, Homer. 33 
Presbyterians, 53, 55 



Index 


182 


presidential debates. 1 984. 97 
printed word: advertising, history of, 
58—60; in Colonial times, 30—38, 
41, 53, 62. I 39; decline of, 8-9, 

1 3, 24, 29. 58, 80; effects of 
telegraphy and photography on. 
65-78; invention of. 29; 19th- 
century, 38-42. 48-49. 51—63 
printing press. 35-36, 84-85, 138; 

invention of, 29 
Protagoras, 1 38 
Protestantism, 124 
proverbs, 18—19, 25 
psychoanalysis. 14-15 
Publick Occurrences Both Foreign and 
Dome stick. 36—37 
Pythagoras. 23 

radio. 77, 78, 9 1 , 92, 112-13 

railroads, 64 

Rather, Dan, 106 

reading, changing role of. 60—62 

Reagan. Nancy. 132 

Reagan. Ronald. 4. 97, 108. 109. 

125, 126 
records, 92 

religion, 9, 18; Colonial. 32-33, 42. 
53; 18th- and 19th-century, 42, 
52-56, 63; on television. 93. 94. 
96, 114-24 
resonance, 17—19 
Revere, Paul. 59 

rhetoric: Classical Greek, 22—23; of 
Lincoln-Douglas debates, 44-49 
Roberts, Oral, 54, 56, 116. 123 
Robertson, ClifT, 120 
Robertson. Pat, 1 14—15, 116, 118, 
123 

rock music, 1 1 2 
Roman Catholicism, 122 
Rosen, Jay, 1 34 


Russell. Bertrand, 14. 26 

Quinn, John, 1 12 

Sagan. Carl. 89. 90. 91 
"St. Elsewhere" (TV show), 1 32 
Sakowicz. Reverend Greg. 93 
Satan. 32-33 

"Saturday Night Live" (TV show), 4. 
132 

Schorske. Carl, 1 37 

Schuler, Bernard, 93-94 

Schuller. Robert. 116. 120-21, 123 

science, 52 

Scott. Walter. 38-39 

"Secrets of the Confessional Box" 

(TV show). 94 
Selling of the President. The 
(McGinnis). 126 

"Sesame Street" (TV show), 94. 142— 
144. 150, 160 

"700 Club" (TV show). 114-15 
Shakespeare, William, 35 
Sharswood, George, 56-57 
Sheen, Bishop Fulton, 123 
"60 Minutes" (TV show). 160 
slogans. 60. 70, I 35 
Smith, Adam. 5. 128 
Smith. H. Allen. 99 
Smith. John, Description of New 
England. 3 1 
smoke signals. 7. 8 
Socrates. 21—22 
Solomon, 25 
Sontag, Susan, 73 
Sophists. 22 
Spectator. 33 
sports. 125—26 

"Star "Bek" (TV show). 86. 148 
Steele. Richard, Guardian. 33 
Steinbeck. John, 77 



Index 


183 


Steiner, George. 128 
Stiles. Ezra. 52-53 
Story, Joseph, 56 

Stowe, Harriet Beecher, Uncle 7 tint's 
Cabin. 39 
Streep, Meryl, 97 
Sullivan. Big Tbm, 133 
surgery, televised, 93—94 
Swaggart. Jimmy, 54, 115—16, 123 
Swain. William. 67 
Swift. Jonathan. A Tate of a TUb. 33 

Tbft. William Howard, 7 
Talbot, William Henry Fox. 71 
Tale of a TUb. A (Swift), 33 
Taller. 33 

Technics and Civilization (Mumford), 
10-1 I 

technology and medium, distinctions 
between. 84-85 

telegraph. 8, 48, 65-71, 76, 77-78, 
100 

telephone, 78 

television. 7-10, 78-80; as 
education. 94, 142—54; education 
for control of, 162—63; as 
entertainment. 86-87, 92-98, 
100-13, 116-24. 126-37; as 
epistemology, 24—29, 78—80; as 
junk, 16, 159; as myth, 79; as 
politics, 7, 97, 125—41; popularity 
of American programs abroad. 86; 
as religion, 93, 94. 96. 1 14—24; as 
technology vs. medium, 84—85 
television commercials, 86. 104—5, 
126—27; as political discourse. 

126, 129-37, 159 

television news shows, 4, 87—88, 91, 

99— 1 13. 160; appearance and 
credibility of newscaster. 4, 87—88, 

100— 6; discussion following The 


Day After (ABC movie). 88-91; as 
disinformation, 107—8; music on. 
88. 102—3; "Now . . . this" mode 
of discourse, 99—1 13 
Tfcnnent, William, 53 
Teresa, Mother, 96—97 
Terry. Reverend, 1 14 
Thoreau, Henry David, 48, 67; 
Walden. 65 

Thoth (Egyptian god). 13 
Tbcqueville, Alexis de. 39, 56; 

Democracy in America. 37—38, 41— 
42 

"The Tbnight Show" (TV show). 144 
Tbyota, 5 

transportation. 19th-century, 64-65 
Treatise Concerning Religious Affections. 

A (Edwards). 54 
"Trivial Pursuit" (game). 76 
Hriman, Harry, 132 
truth, media as, 16-29, 78—80 
TUmer, Frederick Jackson, 62 
TWain. Mark. 40, 48 
typography. See printed word 
Tyson. Job, 56 

Uncle Tbm's Cabin (Stowe), 39 
Us. 112 

USA Tbday. 1 1 1-12 

Vietnam War, 29 
Virginia Gazette. 38 
voting. 62, 69 

"The Voyage of the Mimi" (TV 
series), 149-54 

Walden (Thoreau), 65 
"A Walk Through the 20th Century" 
(TV series), 129 
Wall Street Journal. 1 1 1 



Index 


184 


"Waller Cronkite's Universe" (TV 
show). 123 

Washington. George. 36 
"Watch Your Mouth" (TV 
dramatizations), 151 
Webster, Daniel, 56. 57, 58 
Webster, Noah, American Spelling 
Book. 37 
Wells, H. G., 163 
Westheimer. Dr. Ruth, 5 
"What's My Line?" (TV show). 132 


Whitefield. George, 42. 54, 1 17 
Whitman, Walt. 48 
Wlesel, Elie. 88, 89. 90 
Wirt, William, 56 
Witness (movie). 95-96 
women, frontier, 62 
written word: decline of. 8—9. 13, 24. 
29, 58, 80; early development of, 
12; Plato on, 12-13. See also 
printed word 

Yale University. 55, 96-97 