Welcome to use the virtual chatRoom!

                                   Introduction to these files

As you can see, I have attach the source code's file named "Source code", the application named
" Virtual_Chat_Room", and a ".png" file to illustrate the architecture of this application.

The Source code is a package of ".java" files and the application is a ".jar" files.


                                   How to run this Application

This Application is a ".jar" file, which requires a JRE environment to run.

Let's assume you have installed the JRE environment in your computer, then just follow the these steps:

1. Open the Virtual_Char_Room.jar file. Please make sure two of your friends also open it in the same time.

2. Then you can see 
   
   three input text fields:
   
       Nick Name:  This is the nick name that you will use in the virtual chat room!
   
       Destination 1:  This represents the IP address of one of your partners.

       Destination 2: This represets the IP address of another parter of yours.

   Two Buttons:

       Wait: This is used for the waiters to wait untill they are connected to the initializer.
   
       Initialize Connection: This is used for the initializer to connected to other waiters.

   
    Because this application is for three people chatting with each other, there are two types of users.

    One is "waiter", because they wait to be connected.

    another is "initializer", because it send the connection request to others.

3. If you choose to be waiter, just input your nick name in the corresponding text field. 
   And click wait button.

   If you choose to be initializer, please input your nick name and your friends' IP address
   in the correspondingtext fields. 
 
   Notice:  There are total two waiter and one initializer. Please make sure that the two waiters press
            wait button before the initializer press the initialize button

4. If you are all connected to each other successfully, then you can see:

   Connected status: These fields show the connected status of the users.

   Output field:  This is the bigges field in the second page. It is used to display the communicating
                  information.
   input field:   This is used for inputting the communicating information.

   send button:   when you finishing inputting, just press send button and the information will be displayed
                  in the output field.

   Quit:          If you want to quit the communication scenario, please press this button.
  
5. Just input something in the input field and start to talk with each other!
  


                                                                               
                                               Some events
                     
The above 5 steps illustrate how to use this application. I will also show you some events in this application.

If you are the waiter and you see:

        A. If the other waiter's nick name disappear in the connected status fields, that means that user is off the line.
   
        B. If all the nick names disappear in the connected fields, that means you are off the line.
  
        C. If your application automatically shuts down, that is because the initializer press quit button.
       
        D. If you press quit button, your state will be sent to other users immedistely and your application will be closed.
           If you close your application, but forget to press quit button, other users will know your state after a while.
        
        So, if you are off the line or your application is shutted down, please start this application again if you still want
        to talk!

If you are the initializer and you see:

        A. If the some waiter's nick name disappear in the connected status fields, that means that user is off the line.
        
        B. If you press the "quit" button, your application and other users' application will be closed immediately.
           
           If you close your applicaion, but forget to press "quit", other users will lose connection to each other and 
           recognize this situation after a while. 
 

 
Even one waiter is lost, the initializer will still be able to talk with the other waiter! 


That's all about it. 

I hope you have a great experience with this amazing application!


Author: Qi Zhao
         

      